Abilene Christian University
http://www.twitter.com/acusports
http://www.facebook.com/ACUsports

Academy of Art University
http://www.twitter.com/ARTU_Knights
http://www.facebook.com/ARTU.Knights

Adams State College
http://www.twitter.com/ASUGrizzlies
http://www.facebook.com/TheAsuGrizzlies

Adelphi University
http://www.twitter.com/AUPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/aupanthers

Adrian College
http://www.twitter.com/AdrianBulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/adrianbulldogs

Agnes Scott College
http://www.twitter.com/ScottieSports
http://www.facebook.com/AgnesScottAthletics

Air Force Academy
http://www.twitter.com/AF_Falcons
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Air-Force-Athletics/121485954660854

University of Akron
http://www.twitter.com/FollowTheRoo
http://www.facebook.com/AkronZips

University of Alabama
http://www.twitter.com/UA_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/AlabamaAthletics

Alabama A&M University
http://www.twitter.com/aamubulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Alabama-AM-Bulldogs/104760472933755

Alabama State University
http://www.twitter.com/ASUBUZZ
http://www.facebook.com/asubuzz

University of Alabama-Huntsville
http://www.twitter.com/UAHChargers
http://www.facebook.com/UAHChargers

University of Alaska-Anchorage
http://www.twitter.com/UAASeawolves
http://www.facebook.com/Alaska.Anchorage.Seawolves

University of Alaska-Fairbanks
http://www.twitter.com/alaskananooks
http://www.facebook.com/thealaskananooks

University at Albany
http://www.twitter.com/ualbanysports
http://www.facebook.com/ualbanysports

Albany State University 
http://www.twitter.com/ASUGoldenRams
http://www.facebook.com/AlbanyStateUniversity

Albertus Magnus College
http://www.twitter.com/AMCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Albertus-Magnus-Athletics/402959025283

Albion College
http://www.twitter.com/gobrits
http://www.facebook.com/albionathletics

Albright College
http://www.twitter.com/AlbrightLions
http://www.facebook.com/albrightlions

Alcorn State University
http://www.twitter.com/BRAVESSPORTS
http://www.facebook.com/alcornstatesports

Alderson-Broaddus College
http://www.twitter.com/ABBattlers
http://www.facebook.com/Battlers

Alfred University
http://www.twitter.com/AUSaxons
http://www.facebook.com/SaxonAthletics

Alfred State College
http://www.twitter.com/ascathletics
http://www.facebook.com/ASCAthletics

Allegheny College
http://www.twitter.com/gatorsports
http://www.facebook.com/alleghenycollege

Alma College
http://www.twitter.com/GoAlmaScots
http://www.facebook.com/almacollege

Alvernia University
http://www.twitter.com/verncrusaders
http://www.facebook.com/alverniaathletics

Alverno College
http://www.twitter.com/AlvernoInferno
http://www.facebook.com/AlvernoCollegeAthletics

American University
http://www.twitter.com/aueagles
http://www.facebook.com/AUeagles

American University of Puerto Rico
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

American International College
http://www.twitter.com/aicathletics
http://www.facebook.com/AICYellowJackets

Amherst College
http://www.twitter.com/amherstsports
http://www.facebook.com/amherstsports

Anderson University (Ind.) 
http://www.twitter.com/AthleticsAU
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Anderson-University-Athletics/300041846687637

Anderson University (S.C.)
http://www.twitter.com/autrojans
http://www.facebook.com/autrojans

Angelo State University
http://www.twitter.com/angelosports
http://www.facebook.com/AngeloStateSports

Anna Maria College
http://www.twitter.com/AMCAT_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/AMCat-Athletics/239153609540801

Appalachian State University
http://www.twitter.com/AppState_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/AppalachianStateMountaineers

Arcadia University
http://www.twitter.com/ArcadiaKnights
http://www.facebook.com/arcadia.athletics

University of Arizona
http://www.twitter.com/AZATHLETICS
http://www.facebook.com/ArizonaAthletics

Arizona State University
http://www.twitter.com/TheSunDevils
http://www.facebook.com/ArizonaStateSunDevils

University of Arkansas-Fort Smith
http://www.twitter.com/UAFSSports
http://www.facebook.com/UAFSLions

University of Arkansas-Monticello
http://www.twitter.com/uamsports
http://www.facebook.com/uamsports

University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff
http://www.twitter.com/UAPBLionsRoar
http://www.facebook.com/pages/UAPB-Golden-Lions/227384820732367?ref=hl

University of Arkansas
http://www.twitter.com/ArkRazorbacks
http://www.facebook.com/ArkansasRazorbacks

Arkansas State University
http://www.twitter.com/AStateRedWolves
http://www.facebook.com/AStateRedWolves

Arkansas Tech University
http://www.twitter.com/ATU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/ATUathletics

University of Arkansas, Little Rock
http://www.twitter.com/ualrathletics
http://www.facebook.com/UALRTrojans

Armstrong State University
http://www.twitter.com/ArmstrongPirate
http://www.facebook.com/ArmstrongPirates

Army
http://www.twitter.com/ArmyAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/armyblackknights

Ashland University
http://www.twitter.com/goashlandeagles
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Ashland-University-Athletics/270892241061?ref=ts

Assumption College
http://www.twitter.com/acgreyhounds
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Assumption-College-Athletics/247970239396

Auburn University
http://www.twitter.com/AuburnTigers
http://www.facebook.com/AuburnTigers

Augsburg College
http://www.twitter.com/AugsburgAuggies
http://www.facebook.com/AugsburgCollegeAuggies

Augustana College (IL)
http://www.twitter.com/augiesid
http://www.facebook.com/augustanavikings

Augustana College (SD)
http://www.twitter.com/GoAugie
http://www.facebook.com/GoAugie

Aurora University
http://www.twitter.com/AU_Spartans
http://www.facebook.com/AUspartans

Austin College
http://www.twitter.com/acsports
http://www.facebook.com/acsports

Austin Peay State University
http://www.twitter.com/letsgopeay
http://www.facebook.com/letsgopeay

Averett University
http://www.twitter.com/AverettUCougars
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Averett-University-Cougars/59757028764

Azusa Pacific University
http://www.twitter.com/APUCougars
http://www.facebook.com/APUCougars

Babson College
http://www.twitter.com/BabsonAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BabsonAthletics

Cal State Bakersfield
http://www.twitter.com/CSUBAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/csubroadrunners

Baldwin Wallace University
http://www.twitter.com/bwathletics
http://www.facebook.com/bwyellowjackets

Ball State University
http://www.twitter.com/BallStateSports
http://www.facebook.com/ballstatesports

Baptist Bible College
http://www.twitter.com/DefenderSports
http://www.facebook.com/BaptistBible

Bard College
http://www.twitter.com/BardAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bard-College-Athletics/199022670116497

Barry University
http://www.twitter.com/gobarrybucs
http://www.facebook.com/gobarrybucs

Barton College
http://www.twitter.com/bartonathletics
http://www.facebook.com/bartonbulldogs

Baruch College
http://www.twitter.com/baruchathletics
http://www.facebook.com/BaruchAthletics

Bates College
http://www.twitter.com/BatesSports
http://www.facebook.com/BatesCollegeAthletics

Bay Path University
http://www.twitter.com/Bay_Path
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bay-Path-College-Athletics/175606745785214

Baylor University
http://www.twitter.com/BaylorAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BaylorAthletics

Becker College
http://www.twitter.com/BeckerAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BeckerCollegeAthletics

Bellarmine University
http://www.twitter.com/buknights
http://www.facebook.com/BUKnights

Belmont University
http://www.twitter.com/GoBelmontBruins
http://www.facebook.com/BelmontBruins

Belmont Abbey College
http://www.twitter.com/abbeyathletics
http://www.facebook.com/abbeyathletics

Beloit College
http://www.twitter.com/BeloitBucs
http://www.facebook.com/BeloitCollege

Bemidji State University
http://www.twitter.com/bsubeavers
http://www.facebook.com/bsubeavers

Benedict College
http://www.twitter.com/benedict_tigers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Benedict-College-Tigers/241298405908410

Benedictine University
http://www.twitter.com/benueagles
http://www.facebook.com/BenUAthletics

Bentley University
http://www.twitter.com/BentleyFalcons
http://www.facebook.com/BentleyUniversityAthletics

Berry College
http://www.twitter.com/berryvikings
http://www.facebook.com/berryvikings

Bethany College
http://www.twitter.com/Bethany_Bison
http://www.facebook.com/BethanyAthletics

Bethany Lutheran College
http://www.twitter.com/blcvikings
http://www.facebook.com/blcvikings

Bethel University
http://www.twitter.com/bethelroyals
http://www.facebook.com/BethelRoyals

Bethune-Cookman University
http://www.twitter.com/BCUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BCUathletics

Binghamton University
http://www.twitter.com/BU_Bearcats
http://www.facebook.com/BinghamtonAthletics

Birmingham-Southern College
http://www.twitter.com/bscsports
http://www.facebook.com/bscsports

Black Hills State University
http://www.twitter.com/BHSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BHSUAthletics

Blackburn College
http://www.twitter.com/BeaverBlackburn
http://www.facebook.com/BlackburnCollegeAthletics

Bloomfield College
http://www.twitter.com/Go_BCBears
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bloomfield-College-Deacons/130689513021

Bloomsburg University
http://www.twitter.com/GoBUHuskies
http://www.facebook.com/BUhuskies

Bluefield State College
http://www.twitter.com/bscbluedevils
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bluefield-State-Athletics/294224474088248#!/pages/Bluefield-State-Athletics/294224474088248

Bluffton University
http://www.twitter.com/BlufftonU
http://www.facebook.com/BlufftonUniversity

Boise State University
http://www.twitter.com/broncosports
http://www.facebook.com/boisestatebroncos

Boston College
http://www.twitter.com/bcsportsnews
http://www.facebook.com/BostonCollegeAthletics

Boston University
http://www.twitter.com/BUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BUAthletics

Bowdoin College
http://www.twitter.com/goubears
http://www.facebook.com/BowdoinAthletics

Bowie State University
http://www.twitter.com/BSU_Sports_Info
http://www.facebook.com/bowiestate

Bowling Green State University
http://www.twitter.com/BGathletics
http://www.facebook.com/BGSUathletic

Bradley University
http://www.twitter.com/bradleybraves
http://www.facebook.com/BradleyAthletics

Brandeis University
http://www.twitter.com/brandeisjudges
http://www.facebook.com/brandeisjudges

Brevard College
http://www.twitter.com/BCTornados
http://www.facebook.com/BrevardAthletics

University of Bridgeport
http://www.twitter.com/PKnights
http://www.facebook.com/UBridgeport

Bridgewater College
http://www.twitter.com/BCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BridgewaterEaglesSports

Bridgewater State University
http://www.twitter.com/bsubears
http://www.facebook.com/BSUBearsAthletics

College at Brockport
http://www.twitter.com/BP_GoldenEagles
http://www.facebook.com/BrockportGoldenEagles

Brooklyn College
http://www.twitter.com/bklyncollege411
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brooklyn-College/111090580325

Brown University
http://www.twitter.com/BrownAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/brownathletics

Bryant University
http://www.twitter.com/BryantAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BryantAthletics

Bryn Athyn College
http://www.twitter.com/BrynAthynLions
http://www.facebook.com/brynathynathletics

Bryn Mawr College
http://www.twitter.com/BMCathletics
http://www.facebook.com/BrynMawrCollegeAthletics

Bucknell University
http://www.twitter.com/BisonSports
http://www.facebook.com/BuckyBison

Buena Vista University
http://www.twitter.com/BVUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BVUAthletics

University at Buffalo
http://www.twitter.com/UBAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ubbulls

Buffalo State College
http://www.twitter.com/bscathletics
http://www.facebook.com/buffalostateathletics

Butler University
http://www.twitter.com/ButlerAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ButlerBulldogs

Brigham Young University
http://www.twitter.com/BYUcougars
http://www.facebook.com/BYUcougars

BYU-Hawaii
http://www.twitter.com/byuhathletics
http://www.facebook.com/byuhseasiders

Cabrini College
http://www.twitter.com/CabriniCavs
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Cabrini-College-Cavaliers/124331616560

Cairn University
http://www.twitter.com/CairnAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CairnU

California Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/cbulancers
http://www.facebook.com/cbuathletics

California Lutheran University
http://www.twitter.com/CLUSports
http://www.facebook.com/clusports

Cal Poly
http://www.twitter.com/CPMustangs
http://www.facebook.com/CalPolyMustangs

Cal Poly-Pomona
http://www.twitter.com/cppbroncos
http://www.facebook.com/cppbroncos

Cal State-Dominguez Hills
http://www.twitter.com/TorosAthletics
http://www.facebook.com//pages/TorosAthletics/233587350091402

Cal State-East Bay
http://www.twitter.com/CSUEBathletics
http://www.facebook.com/CSUEBathletics

Cal State-Fullerton
http://www.twitter.com/FullertonTitans
http://www.facebook.com/fullertontitans

Cal State-Los Angeles
http://www.twitter.com/CSULAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GOCSULA

Cal State-Monterey Bay
http://www.twitter.com/OtterAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/OtterAthletics

Cal State-Northridge
http://www.twitter.com/GoMatadors
http://www.facebook.com/mattythematador

Cal State-San Bernardino
http://www.twitter.com/csusbathletics
http://www.facebook.com/CSUSBathletics

Cal State-Stanislaus
http://www.twitter.com/CSUSWarriors
http://www.facebook.com/WarriorAthletics

Caldwell University
http://www.twitter.com/CaldwellCougars
http://www.facebook.com//pages/Caldwell-College-Athletics/119084976770

University of California
http://www.twitter.com/CalAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CalAthletics

California University of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/calvulcans
http://www.facebook.com/calvulcans

California Institute of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/CaltechBeavers
http://www.facebook.com/CaltechAthletics

Calvin College
http://www.twitter.com/CalvinKnights
http://www.facebook.com/CalvinGameDay

Cameron University
http://www.twitter.com/cameronaggies
http://www.facebook.com/cameronaggies

Campbell University
http://www.twitter.com/GoCamels
http://www.facebook.com/GoCamelsATH

Canisius College
http://www.twitter.com/GoGriffs
http://www.facebook.com/GoGriffs

Capital University
http://www.twitter.com/CapCrusaders
http://www.facebook.com/CapitalUniversityAthletics

Carleton College
http://www.twitter.com/CarletonKnights
http://www.facebook.com/carletonknights

Carnegie Mellon University
http://www.twitter.com/tartanathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Carnegie-Mellon-Athletics/30447322530

Carroll University
http://www.twitter.com/pio_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/CarrollUAthletics

Carson-Newman College
http://www.twitter.com/CNathletics
http://www.facebook.com/CNEagles

Carthage College
http://www.twitter.com/carthagesports
http://www.facebook.com/carthageathletics

Case Western Reserve University
http://www.twitter.com/caseathletics
http://www.facebook.com/caseathletics

Castleton State College
http://www.twitter.com/CastletonSports
http://www.facebook.com/CastletonSports

Catawba College
http://www.twitter.com/CatawbaIndians
http://www.facebook.com/catawbaindians

Catholic University
http://www.twitter.com/cuacardinals
http://www.facebook.com/pages/CUA-Cardinals/225377367502549

Cazenovia College
http://www.twitter.com/Wildcats1824
http://www.facebook.com/CazenoviaCollegeAthletics

City College of New York
http://www.twitter.com/CCNYSports
http://www.facebook.com/CCNYAthletics

Cedar Crest College
http://www.twitter.com/CCC_Falcons
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Cedar-Crest-College-Falcons/59473449922

Cedarville University
http://www.twitter.com/CUJackets
http://www.facebook.com/cujackets

Centenary College of Louisiana
http://www.twitter.com/GoCentenary
http://www.facebook.com/GoCentenary

Centenary College (N.J.)
http://www.twitter.com/CentCyclones_NJ
http://www.facebook.com/centenary.athletics

Central College (Iowa)
http://www.twitter.com/CentralDutch
http://www.facebook.com/CentralCollegeDutch

University of Central Arkansas
http://www.twitter.com/ucasports
http://www.facebook.com/ucasports

Central Connecticut State University
http://www.twitter.com/CCSUBlueDevils
http://www.facebook.com/CCSUBlueDevils

University of Central Florida
http://www.twitter.com/UCFKnights
http://www.facebook.com/ucfknights

Central Michigan University
http://www.twitter.com/CMUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CMUAthletics

University of Central Missouri
http://www.twitter.com/UCMMULES
http://www.facebook.com/UCMAthletics

University of Central Oklahoma
http://www.twitter.com/ucoathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/University-of-Central-Oklahoma-Bronchos/77613715571

Central State University
http://www.twitter.com/go_marauders
http://www.facebook.com/CSUmarauders

Central Washington University
http://www.twitter.com/CWUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CWU.Athletics

Centre College
http://www.twitter.com/CentreAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/centreathletics

Chadron State College
http://www.twitter.com/csceagles
http://www.facebook.com/csceagles

Chaminade University
http://www.twitter.com/goswords
http://www.facebook.com/goswords

Chapman University
http://www.twitter.com/ChapmanSports
http://www.facebook.com/ChapmanAthletics

University of Charleston
http://www.twitter.com/uc_goldeneagles
http://www.facebook.com/CharlestonGoldenEagles

Charleston Southern University
http://www.twitter.com/CSUsports
http://www.facebook.com/CSUsports

UNC Charlotte
http://www.twitter.com/Charlotte49ers
http://www.facebook.com/charlotte49ers

Chatham University
http://www.twitter.com/chathamcougar
http://www.facebook.com/ChathamAthletics

Chestnut Hill College
http://www.twitter.com/CHCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/griffinathletics

Cheyney University of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/cuwolves
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Cheyney-University-Athletics/146451735388064

University of Chicago
http://www.twitter.com/ChicagoMaroons
http://www.facebook.com/chicagomaroons

Chicago State University
http://www.twitter.com/chistatecougars
http://www.facebook.com/ChicagoStateAthletics

California State University, Chico
http://www.twitter.com/ChicoWildcats
http://www.facebook.com/ChicoUKnow

Chowan University
http://www.twitter.com/cuhawks
http://www.facebook.com/chowanuniversity

Christopher Newport University
http://www.twitter.com/CNUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CNUAthletics

Christian Brothers University
http://www.twitter.com/gobucsgoCBU
http://www.facebook.com/gobucsgo

University of Cincinnati
http://www.twitter.com/GoBEARCATS
http://www.facebook.com/UniversityofCincinnatiBearcats

The Citadel
http://www.twitter.com/CitadelSports
http://www.facebook.com/citadelbulldogs

Claflin University
http://www.twitter.com/ClaflinPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/ClaflinPanthers14

Claremont-Mudd-Scripps Colleges
http://www.twitter.com/AthleticsCMS
http://www.facebook.com/AthleticsCMS

Clarion University of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/clarioneagles
http://www.facebook.com/ClarionGoldenEagles

Clark University
http://www.twitter.com/clarkathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Clark-Cougars/157787269333

Clark Atlanta University
http://www.twitter.com/caupanthers
http://www.facebook.com/cau.panthers.1?fref=ts

Clarke University
http://www.twitter.com/ClarkeAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Clarke-University-Athletics/185150068237736

Clarkson University
http://www.twitter.com/ClarksonUSports
http://www.facebook.com/ClarksonUniversity

Clayton State University
http://www.twitter.com/CSULakers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Clayton-State-Athletics/193520470712479

Clemson University
http://www.twitter.com/ClemsonTigers
http://www.facebook.com/clemsontigers

Cleveland State University
http://www.twitter.com/csu_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/CSUVikings

U.S. Coast Guard Academy
http://www.twitter.com/CoastGuardBears
http://www.facebook.com/pages/US-Coast-Guard-Academy-Athletics/279252545470978

Coastal Carolina University
http://www.twitter.com/goccusports
http://www.facebook.com/ChaunceyCCU

Coe College
http://www.twitter.com/CoeAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CoeAthletics

Coker College
http://www.twitter.com/Coker_Cobras
http://www.facebook.com/cokercobras

College of Charleston
http://www.twitter.com/cofcsports
http://www.facebook.com/cofcsports

Colby College
http://www.twitter.com/themules
http://www.facebook.com/colbycollege

Colby-Sawyer College
http://www.twitter.com/CSCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CSCAthletics

Colgate University
http://www.twitter.com/Gate_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Colgate-Raider-Nation/188582690463

Univ. of Colorado-Colorado Springs
http://www.twitter.com/GoMountainLions
http://www.facebook.com/GoMountainLions

Colorado Christian University
http://www.twitter.com/ccucougars 
http://www.facebook.com/ccucougars 

University of Colorado
http://www.twitter.com/cubuffs
http://www.facebook.com/ColoradoAthletics

Colorado College
http://www.twitter.com/CCTigers
http://www.facebook.com/CCTigers

Colorado Mesa University
http://www.twitter.com/CMUMavericks
http://www.facebook.com/CMUMavericks

Colorado School of Mines
http://www.twitter.com/MinesAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/MinesAthletics

Colorado State University
http://www.twitter.com/csuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/CSURams

Colorado State University-Pueblo
http://www.twitter.com/gothunderwolves
http://www.facebook.com/PackAthletics

Columbia University-Barnard College
http://www.twitter.com/GoColumbiaLions
http://www.facebook.com/ColumbiaAthletics

Columbus State University
http://www.twitter.com/csucougars
http://www.facebook.com/csucougars

Concord University
http://www.twitter.com/cumountainlions
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Concord-University-Athletics/368312779891850

Concordia College-New York
http://www.twitter.com/CND_Clippers
http://www.facebook.com/ConcordiaClippers

Concordia University Texas
http://www.twitter.com/CTXAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/CTXAthletics

Concordia University Wisconsin
http://www.twitter.com/CUWFalcons
http://www.facebook.com/CUWFalcons

Concordia University Chicago
http://www.twitter.com/CUChicagoSports
http://www.facebook.com/ConcordiaUniversityChicagoCougarAthletics

Concordia College-Moorhead
http://www.twitter.com/CobberSID
http://www.facebook.com/ConcordiaCollegeCobberAthletics

Concordia University, St. Paul
http://www.twitter.com/CUGoldenBears
http://www.facebook.com/cugoldenbears

University of Connecticut
http://www.twitter.com/UConnHuskies
http://www.facebook.com/uconnhuskies

Connecticut College
http://www.twitter.com/ConnCollege
http://www.facebook.com/ConnecticutCollege

Converse College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/ConverseCollege

Coppin State University
http://www.twitter.com/coppinsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Coppin-State-Sports/233862590118738?ref=hl"

Cornell University
http://www.twitter.com/cornellsports
http://www.facebook.com/cornellathletics

Cornell College
http://www.twitter.com/RamAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Cornell-College-Ram-Athletics/193998220642433?fref=ts

Covenant College
http://www.twitter.com/CovenantScots
http://www.facebook.com/CovenantScots

Creighton University
http://www.twitter.com/GoCreighton
http://www.facebook.com/GoCreighton

Crown College
http://www.twitter.com/stormathletics
http://www.facebook.com/crowncollegeathletics

Curry College
http://www.twitter.com/CurryEdu
http://www.facebook.com/currycollege

D'Youville College
http://www.twitter.com/DYCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/dycathletics2

Daemen College
http://www.twitter.com/DaemenAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/daemencollegeathletics

University of Dallas
http://www.twitter.com/UDallasSports
http://www.facebook.com/UDallasAthletics

Dallas Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/dbuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/DallasBaptistUniv

Daniel Webster College
http://www.twitter.com/DWCeagles
http://www.facebook.com/pages/DWC-Eagles/112441715465643

Dartmouth College
http://www.twitter.com/DartmouthSports
http://www.facebook.com/DartmouthSports

Davidson College
http://www.twitter.com/DavidsonWildcat
http://www.facebook.com/DavidsonWildcats

Davis and Elkins College
http://www.twitter.com/SenatorNation
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Davis-Elkins-Athletics/139005362810426

University of Dayton
http://www.twitter.com/DaytonFlyers
http://www.facebook.com/WeAreUD

Defiance College
http://www.twitter.com/DC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Defiance-Athletics/107749102607734

University of Delaware
http://www.twitter.com/UDBlueHens
http://www.facebook.com/DelawareBlueHens

Delaware State University
http://www.twitter.com/DSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/DSUAthletics

Delaware Valley College
http://www.twitter.com/delvalaggies
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Delaware-Valley-College-Athletics/159098644163241

Delta State University
http://www.twitter.com/dsustatesmen
http://www.facebook.com/dsustatesmen

Denison University
http://www.twitter.com/denisonsports
http://www.facebook.com/denisonsports

University of Denver
http://www.twitter.com/DU_Pioneers
http://www.facebook.com/DenverPioneers

DePaul University
http://www.twitter.com/DepaulAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/DePaulBlueDemons

DePauw University
http://www.twitter.com/DePauwAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/DePauwAthletics

DeSales University
http://www.twitter.com/DSUBulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/BulldogAthletics

University of Detroit Mercy
http://www.twitter.com/detroittitans
http://www.facebook.com/UDMTitans

Dickinson College
http://www.twitter.com/DsonRedDevils
http://www.facebook.com/DickinsonRedDevils

University of the District of Columbia
http://www.twitter.com/UDCFirebirdFans
http://www.facebook.com/pages/UDC-Athletics/114808328560915

Dixie State University
http://www.twitter.com/dixieathletics
http://www.facebook.com/DixieStateAthletics

Dominican University of California
http://www.twitter.com/dominicansports
http://www.facebook.com/dominicanathletics

Dominican University (Ill.)
http://www.twitter.com/DU_Stars
http://www.facebook.com/DomStars

Dominican College (N.Y.) 
http://www.twitter.com/ChargersofDC
http://www.facebook.com/DominicanChargerAthletics

Dowling College
http://www.twitter.com/dcgoldenlions
http://www.facebook.com/dowlingcollege

Drake University
http://www.twitter.com/dubulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/DrakeAthletics

Drew University
http://www.twitter.com/GoDrewRangers
http://www.facebook.com/DrewRangers

Drexel University
http://www.twitter.com/drexeldragons
http://www.facebook.com/DrexelDragonsAthletics

Drury University
http://www.twitter.com/drurypanthers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Drury-University-Athletics/105607680813?ref=ts

University of Dubuque
http://www.twitter.com/UDubuqueSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/University-of-Dubuque-Football/147400845318392

Duke University
http://www.twitter.com/Duke_ATHLETICS
http://www.facebook.com/DukeAthletics

Duquesne University
http://www.twitter.com/GoDuquesne
http://www.facebook.com/GoDuquesne

Earlham College
http://www.twitter.com/EarlhamQuakers
http://www.facebook.com/earlhamcollege

East Carolina University
http://www.twitter.com/ECUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/ECUPiratescom/125022400868684?ref=search

East Central University
http://www.twitter.com/ECUTigers
http://www.facebook.com/ECUTigersUpdates

East Stroudsburg University
http://www.twitter.com/ESUWarriors
http://www.facebook.com/pages/ESU-Warriors-Athletics/76845698880?ref=hl

East Tennessee State University
http://www.twitter.com/ETSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ETSUAthletics

East Texas Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/ETBUTigers
http://www.facebook.com/etbusports

Eastern Mennonite University
http://www.twitter.com/EMU_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Eastern-Mennonite-University-Athletics/113862388667948

Eastern University
http://www.twitter.com/EUEagles
http://www.facebook.com/EUEagles

Eastern Connecticut State University
http://www.twitter.com/ecsuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Eastern-Connecticut-Athletics/135769756462077

Eastern Illinois University
http://www.twitter.com/EIU_Panthers
http://www.facebook.com/EIUPanthers

Eastern Kentucky University
http://www.twitter.com/ekusports
http://www.facebook.com/ekucolonels

Eastern Michigan University
http://www.twitter.com/emuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/emuathletics

Eastern New Mexico University
http://www.twitter.com/enmusports
http://www.facebook.com/goeasternathletics

Eastern Nazarene College
http://www.twitter.com/ENCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ENCAthletics

Eastern Oregon University
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Eastern Washington University
http://www.twitter.com/EWUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/EWUAthletics

Eckerd College
http://www.twitter.com/ECTritons
http://www.facebook.com/EckerdTritons

Edgewood College
http://www.twitter.com/edgewoodeagles
http://www.facebook.com/edgewoodcollegeeagles

Edinboro University
http://www.twitter.com/boroathletics
http://www.facebook.com/EdinboroUniversityAthletics

Elizabeth City State University
http://www.twitter.com/ECSUVikings
http://www.facebook.com/ElizabethCityStateUniversity

Elizabethtown College
http://www.twitter.com/EtownBlueJays
http://www.facebook.com/EtownBlueJays

Elmhurst College
http://www.twitter.com/ElmhurstBluejay
http://www.facebook.com/elmhurstbluejays

Elmira College
http://www.twitter.com/ECSoaringEagles
http://www.facebook.com/ElmiraCollegeAthletics

Elms College
http://www.twitter.com/ElmsBlazers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Elms-College-Athletics/162366800838?ref=ts

Elon University
http://www.twitter.com/elonphoenix
http://www.facebook.com/ElonPhoenix

Emerson College
http://www.twitter.com/EmersonLions
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Emerson-College-Athletics/283633784998898

Emmanuel College (Ga.)
http://www.twitter.com/ATHLETICSatEC
http://www.facebook.com/EmmanuelAthletics

Emmanuel College (Mass.)
http://www.twitter.com/ECSaints
http://www.facebook.com/ECsaints

Emory University
http://www.twitter.com/EmoryAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/EmoryEagles

Emory and Henry College
http://www.twitter.com/GoWasps
http://www.facebook.com/GoWasps

Emporia State University
http://www.twitter.com/ESUSports
http://www.facebook.com/EmporiaStateAthletics

Endicott College
http://www.twitter.com/ECGulls
http://www.facebook.com/ECGulls

Erskine College
http://www.twitter.com/FollowtheFleet
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Erskine-College-Athletics/103933599658947?ref=ts

Eureka College
http://www.twitter.com/EurekaRedDevils
http://www.facebook.com/EurekaRedDevils

University of Evansville
http://www.twitter.com/UEAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UEPurpleAces

Evergreen St.
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Fairfield University
http://www.twitter.com/FairfieldStags
http://www.facebook.com/FairfieldUAthletics

Fairleigh Dickinson University
http://www.twitter.com/FDUKnights
http://www.facebook.com/FDUAthletics

Fairmont State University
http://www.twitter.com/fsufalcons
http://www.facebook.com/fsufalcons

Farmingdale State College
http://www.twitter.com/FarmStateRams
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Farmingdale-State-Rams/262225231747

Fayetteville State University
http://www.twitter.com/FSUBroncos
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fayetteville-State-Broncos-Athletics/306504226065?ref=ts&fref=ts

Fairleigh Dickinson Univ., Florham
http://www.twitter.com/FDUDevils
http://www.facebook.com/FDUDevils

Felician College
http://www.twitter.com/FCGoldenFalcons
http://www.facebook.com/FCGoldenFalcons

Ferris State University
http://www.twitter.com/ferrisathletics
http://www.facebook.com/ferrisathletics

Ferrum College
http://www.twitter.com/FerrumAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Ferrum-College-Athletics/148704851058

Florida Gulf Coast University
http://www.twitter.com/FGCUEagles
http://www.facebook.com/FGCUAthletics

University of Findlay
http://www.twitter.com/FindlayOilers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/UF-Oilers-Athletics/155940397820406?sk=wall

Finlandia University
http://www.twitter.com/FinlandiaLions
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Finlandia-University-Athletics/253257471402201

Fisk University
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Fitchburg State University
http://www.twitter.com/FalconSports
http://www.facebook.com/FitchburgFalcons

Florida International University
http://www.twitter.com/FIUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FIUSports

Florida Southern College
http://www.twitter.com/FSC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/fscmocs

Flagler College
http://www.twitter.com/FlaglerSports
http://www.facebook.com/Flagler.Saints

University of Florida
http://www.twitter.com/GatorZoneNews
http://www.facebook.com/FloridaGators

Florida A&M University
http://www.twitter.com/FAMUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FAMUAth

Florida Atlantic University
http://www.twitter.com/FAUOwlAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FAUATHLETICS

Florida State University
http://www.twitter.com/Seminoles_com
http://www.facebook.com/FSUSeminoles

Florida Tech
http://www.twitter.com/FTPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/petethepanther

Fontbonne University
http://www.twitter.com/fbugriffins
http://www.facebook.com/Fontbonne

Fordham University
http://www.twitter.com/FordhamRams
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fordham-Athletics/138776577422

Fort Hays State University
http://www.twitter.com/fhsuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fort-Hays-State-University-Athletics/72081997790

Fort Lewis College
http://www.twitter.com/FLCSkyhawks
http://www.facebook.com/flcathletics

Fort Valley State University
http://www.twitter.com/FVSUATHLETICS
http://www.facebook.com/fvsusports

Framingham State University
http://www.twitter.com/FSURams
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Framingham-State-University-Athletics/106607099395707

Francis Marion University
http://www.twitter.com/FMUSports
http://www.facebook.com/FMUSports

Franciscan Univ. of Steubenville
http://www.twitter.com/BaronVonSteubie
http://www.facebook.com/BaronVonSteubie

Franklin & Marshall College
http://www.twitter.com/GoDiplomats
http://www.facebook.com/GoDiplomats

Franklin College
http://www.twitter.com/FCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FranklinCollegeAthletics

Franklin Pierce University
http://www.twitter.com/FPUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/FranklinPierceRavens

SUNY at Fredonia
http://www.twitter.com/FredBlueDevils
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fredonia-State-Blue-Devils/109508659102248

Fresno Pacific University
http://www.twitter.com/fpusunbirds
http://www.facebook.com/fpuathletics

Fresno State
http://www.twitter.com/FSAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FresnoStateAthletics

Frostburg State University
http://www.twitter.com/frostburgsports
http://www.facebook.com/frostburgstateathletics

Furman University
http://www.twitter.com/FurmanPaladins
http://www.facebook.com/FurmanPaladins26

Georgia Southwestern State Univ.
http://www.twitter.com/GSWAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GSWHurricanes

Gallaudet University
http://www.twitter.com/GallaudetBison
http://www.facebook.com/GallaudetBison

Gannon University
http://www.twitter.com/GUKnights
http://www.facebook.com/gannonsports

Gardner-Webb University
http://www.twitter.com/GWUSports
http://www.facebook.com/GWUSports

Geneva College
http://www.twitter.com/GenevaAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GenevaAthletics

George Fox University
http://www.twitter.com/GFUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GeorgeFoxUniversityAthletics

George Mason University
http://www.twitter.com/MasonAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/MasonAthletics

George Washington University
http://www.twitter.com/GW_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/GWSports

Georgetown University
http://www.twitter.com/georgetownhoyas
http://www.facebook.com/WeAreGeorgetown

University of Georgia
http://www.twitter.com/UGAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/georgiabulldogs

Georgia College
http://www.twitter.com/GCBobcats
http://www.facebook.com/GCBobcats

Georgia Southern University
http://www.twitter.com/GSAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GSAthletics

Georgia State University
http://www.twitter.com/GSUPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/GeorgiaStateAthletics

Georgia Tech
http://www.twitter.com/GTAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GTAthletics

Georgian Court University
http://www.twitter.com/GCULions
http://www.facebook.com/GCUAthletics

Gettysburg College
http://www.twitter.com/gburgbullets
http://www.facebook.com/GettysburgCollegeAthletics

Glenville State College
http://www.twitter.com/GSCpioneers
http://www.facebook.com/gsc.pioneers

Goldey-Beacom College
http://www.twitter.com/GBCLightning
http://www.facebook.com/GBCLightning

Gonzaga University
http://www.twitter.com/GonzagaBulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/GonzagaBulldogs

Gordon College
http://www.twitter.com/gordonathletics
http://www.facebook.com/GordonCollegeAthletics

Goucher College
http://www.twitter.com/GoucherSports
http://www.facebook.com/GoucherGophers

Grambling State University
http://www.twitter.com/GSU_TIGERS
http://www.facebook.com/gsu.tigers1

Grand Canyon University
http://www.twitter.com/GCU_Lopes
http://www.facebook.com/GCULopes

Grand Valley State University
http://www.twitter.com/gvsulakers
http://www.facebook.com/gvsulakers

University of Wisconsin, Green Bay
http://www.twitter.com/GBPhoenix
http://www.facebook.com/GBPhoenix

Green Mountain College
http://www.twitter.com/GMC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Green-Mountain-College-Athletics/136849589739772

Greensboro College
http://www.twitter.com/GC_Pride
http://www.facebook.com/gcprideathletics

Greenville College
http://www.twitter.com/GCPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/greenvillecollege

Grinnell College
http://www.twitter.com/gcpioneers
http://www.facebook.com/GrinnellCollegeAthletics

Grove City College
http://www.twitter.com/GCC_Wolverines
http://www.facebook.com/GroveCity

Georgia Regents University Augusta
http://www.twitter.com/GRU_Jaguars
http://www.facebook.com/GRUJaguars

Guilford College
http://www.twitter.com/goquakers
http://www.facebook.com/goquakers

Gustavus Adolphus College
http://www.twitter.com/GustieAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GustavusAthletics

Gwynedd-Mercy College
http://www.twitter.com/GwyneddSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Gwynedd-Mercy-University-Athletics/243606662341001

Hamilton College
http://www.twitter.com/HamCollSports
http://www.facebook.com/hamiltoncollegeathletics

Hamline University
http://www.twitter.com/HUPipers
http://www.facebook.com/HamlineAthletics

Hampden-Sydney College
http://www.twitter.com/HSCathletics
http://www.facebook.com/HSCAthletics

Hampton University
http://www.twitter.com/HUathletics1868
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hampton-Athletics-Sports-Information/314062258731698

Hanover College
http://www.twitter.com/HanoverPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/hanoverpanthers

Hardin-Simmons University
http://www.twitter.com/HSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/HSUSports

Harding University
http://www.twitter.com/HardingSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Harding-Sports/107595344355

University of Hartford
http://www.twitter.com/HartfordHawks
http://www.facebook.com/HartfordAthletics

Hartwick College
http://www.twitter.com/HawkTalk
http://www.facebook.com/hartwickhawks

Harvard University
http://www.twitter.com/harvardcrimson
http://www.facebook.com/HarvardCrimsonFan

Haverford College
http://www.twitter.com/HCFords_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Haverford-College-Athletics/195531845827?hc_location=timeline

University of Hawaii, Manoa
http://www.twitter.com/HawaiiAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/HawaiiAthletics

University of Hawaii at Hilo
http://www.twitter.com/HiloVulcans
http://www.facebook.com/hilo.vulcans

Hawaii Pacific University
http://www.twitter.com/HPUSharks
http://www.facebook.com/HPUAthletics

Heidelberg University
http://www.twitter.com/BergAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/HeidelbergUniversity

Henderson State University
http://www.twitter.com/ReddieAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ReddieAthletics

Hendrix College
http://www.twitter.com/HendrixWarriors
http://www.facebook.com/hendrixcollege

High Point University
http://www.twitter.com/HighPointSports
http://www.facebook.com/highpointpanthers

Hilbert College
http://www.twitter.com/HilbertAthletic
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hilbert-College-Athletics/186274074776971

Hillsdale College
http://www.twitter.com/HC_Chargers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hillsdale-College-Charger-Athletics/118688108174150

Hiram College
http://www.twitter.com/HiramCollegeAth
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hiram-College-Terriers/150995114983834

Hobart College
http://www.twitter.com/hwssid
http://www.facebook.com/HobartStatesmen

Hofstra University
http://www.twitter.com/HofstraPride
http://www.facebook.com/HofstraPride

Hollins University
http://www.twitter.com/HollinsSports
http://www.facebook.com/HollinsUniversity

College of the Holy Cross
http://www.twitter.com/GoHolyCross
http://www.facebook.com/HolyCrossAthletics

Holy Family University
http://www.twitter.com/GoHFUTigers
http://www.facebook.com/GoHFUTigers

Holy Names University
http://www.twitter.com/HNUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/HNUAthletics

Hood College
http://www.twitter.com/HoodBlazers
http://www.facebook.com/hoodcollegeathletics

Hope College
http://www.twitter.com/HopeAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/HopeAthletics

Houghton College
http://www.twitter.com/HCHighlanders
http://www.facebook.com/HoughtonHighlanders

University of Houston
http://www.twitter.com/UHCougarSports
http://www.facebook.com/houstonathletics

Houston Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/HBUHUSKIES
http://www.facebook.com/HBU.Athletics

Howard University
http://www.twitter.com/HUBisonSports
http://www.facebook.com/HUBisonSports

Howard Payne University
http://www.twitter.com/HPUJackets
http://www.facebook.com/HPUsports

Humboldt State University
http://www.twitter.com/HSUJACKS1
http://www.facebook.com/hsujacks

Hunter College
http://www.twitter.com/HunterAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/hunter.hawkpride

Huntingdon College
http://www.twitter.com/HCHawksSports
http://www.facebook.com/HCHawksAthletics

Husson University
http://www.twitter.com/HussonEagles
http://www.facebook.com/HussonEaglesAthletics

University of Idaho
http://www.twitter.com/Idaho_Vandals
http://www.facebook.com/VandalAthletics

Idaho State University
http://www.twitter.com/ISUBengals
http://www.facebook.com/IdahoStateAthletics

Illinois Wesleyan University
http://www.twitter.com/iwusports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Illinois-Wesleyan-University-Athletics/176950935682052

University of Illinois-Springfield
http://www.twitter.com/UISAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UISAthletics

University of Illinois-Chicago
http://www.twitter.com/uicflamesdotcom
http://www.facebook.com/OfficialUICFlames

University of Illinois
http://www.twitter.com/IlliniAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/IlliniAthletics

Illinois College
http://www.twitter.com/IC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/illinoiscollegeathletics

Illinois State University
http://www.twitter.com/ISURedbirds 
http://www.facebook.com/ISURedbirds

Illinois Tech
http://www.twitter.com/TalonTheHawk
http://www.facebook.com/IITScarletHawks

Immaculata University
http://www.twitter.com/IUMightyMacs
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Immaculata-Mighty-Macs/128699053853101

University of the Incarnate Word
http://www.twitter.com/UIWAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UIWAthletics

Indiana University, Bloomington
http://www.twitter.com/OurIndiana
http://www.facebook.com/IUHoosiers

Indiana University of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/IUPCrimsonHawk
http://www.facebook.com/IUPCrimsonHawks

Indiana State University
http://www.twitter.com/IndStAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/Sycamores

University of Indianapolis
http://www.twitter.com/UIndyAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UIndyAthletics

Iona College
http://www.twitter.com/ICGaels
http://www.facebook.com/ICGaels

University of Iowa
http://www.twitter.com/TheIowaHawkeyes
http://www.facebook.com/hawkeyesports

Iowa State University
http://www.twitter.com/CycloneATH
http://www.facebook.com/IowaStateAthletics

Iowa Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/iwctigers
http://www.facebook.com/IowaWesleyan

IPFW
http://www.twitter.com/IPFWAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/IPFWAthletics

Ithaca College
http://www.twitter.com/BomberSports
http://www.facebook.com/ICAthletics

IUPUI
http://www.twitter.com/IUPUIJaguars
http://www.facebook.com/pages/IUPUI-Athletics/64420926955

Jackson State University
http://www.twitter.com/JStateTigers
http://www.facebook.com/JSTATETIGERS

Jacksonville University
http://www.twitter.com/JUDolphins
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Jacksonville-University-Athletics/84977146555

Jacksonville State University
http://www.twitter.com/JSUGamecocks
http://www.facebook.com/jsugamecocks

James Madison University
http://www.twitter.com/JMUSports
http://www.facebook.com/JMUSports

John Carroll University
http://www.twitter.com/jcusports
http://www.facebook.com/jcusports

John Jay College of Criminal Justice
http://www.twitter.com/JJayAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/JJC.CUNY

Johns Hopkins University
http://www.twitter.com/HopkinsSports
http://www.facebook.com/HopkinsAthletics

Johnson and Wales University
http://www.twitter.com/JWUathleticsPVD
http://www.facebook.com/JWUProvidenceAthletics

Johnson C. Smith University
http://www.twitter.com/JCSU_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/JCSUAthletics

Johnson State College
http://www.twitter.com/JSCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/JohnsonStateCollegeAthletics

Juniata College
http://www.twitter.com/JuniataEagles
http://www.facebook.com/JuniataEagles

Kalamazoo College
http://www.twitter.com/khornets
http://www.facebook.com/KHornets

University of Kansas
http://www.twitter.com/KUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/KUAthletics

Kansas State University
http://www.twitter.com/kstatesports
http://www.facebook.com/Kstatesports

Kean University
http://www.twitter.com/keanathletics
http://www.facebook.com/keanathletics

Keene State College
http://www.twitter.com/KeeneStateOwls
http://www.facebook.com/keenestateowls

Kennesaw State University
http://www.twitter.com/KSUOwlNation
http://www.facebook.com/KennesawStateOwls

Kent State University
http://www.twitter.com/KSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GoldenFlashes

University of Kentucky
http://www.twitter.com/UKAthleticsNews
http://www.facebook.com/UKKentuckyWildcats

Kentucky State University
http://www.twitter.com/KSU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/KSUThorobreds

Kenyon College
http://www.twitter.com/KenyonSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kenyon-College-Athletics/122552038174

Keuka College
http://www.twitter.com/KeukaAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/KeukaAthletics

Keystone College
http://www.twitter.com/KCGiants
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Keystone-College-Athletics/265889647257

King University
http://www.twitter.com/kingathletics
http://www.facebook.com/KingUniversityAthletics

King's College
http://www.twitter.com/Kings_Monarchs
http://www.facebook.com/kingscollegepa.athletics

Knox College
http://www.twitter.com/KnoxPrairieFire
http://www.facebook.com/knoxprairiefire

Kutztown University
http://www.twitter.com/KUGoldenBears
http://www.facebook.com/KUGoldenBears

Kentucky Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/KWCPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kentucky-Wesleyan-College-Athletics/255955671129622

La Roche College
http://www.twitter.com/LaRocheRedhawks
http://www.facebook.com/lrcathletics

La Salle University
http://www.twitter.com/GoExplorers
http://www.facebook.com/GoExplorers

La Sierra University
http://www.twitter.com/SUGoldenEagles
http://www.facebook.com/LaSierraUniversityGoldenEaglesAthletics

University of La Verne
http://www.twitter.com/ulv_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/ulvleopards

University of Louisiana at Lafayette
http://www.twitter.com/ULRaginCajuns
http://www.facebook.com/ragincajunsathletics

University of Louisiana at Monroe
http://www.twitter.com/ULMWarhawks
http://www.facebook.com/Warhawks

Lafayette College
http://www.twitter.com/GoLeopards
http://www.facebook.com/GoLeopards

LaGrange College
http://www.twitter.com/LCPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/LaGrangePanthers

Lake Erie College
http://www.twitter.com/lecsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lake-Erie-College-Athletics/124655778351

Lake Forest College
http://www.twitter.com/ForesterScores
http://www.facebook.com/foresterathletics

Lake Superior State University
http://www.twitter.com/LSSUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lake-Superior-State-Athletics/130359795950?ref=hl

Lakeland College
http://www.twitter.com/LCMuskies
http://www.facebook.com/LCMuskies

Lamar University
http://www.twitter.com/LamarCards
http://www.facebook.com/lamarathletics

Lambuth University
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Lancaster Bible College
http://www.twitter.com/LBCathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lancaster-Bible-College-Athletics/155451574487171

Lander University
http://www.twitter.com/LanderAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lander-University-Athletics/132985776764739

Lane College
http://www.twitter.com/GoDragons1
http://www.facebook.com/lanecollege

Langston University
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Lasell College
http://www.twitter.com/LasellAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/LasellAthletics

Lawrence University
http://www.twitter.com/LUvikings
http://www.facebook.com/lawrenceuniversity

Le Moyne College
http://www.twitter.com/LeMoyneDolphins
http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeMoyne-Owen-College-Athletics/301239623230831

Lebanon Valley College
http://www.twitter.com/LVCathletics
http://www.facebook.com/lvcathletics

Lee University
http://www.twitter.com/LeeUFlames
http://www.facebook.com/leeuniversity.flames

Lees-McRae College
http://www.twitter.com/LMCBobcats
http://www.facebook.com/LMCAthletics

Lehigh University
http://www.twitter.com/LehighSports
http://www.facebook.com/LehighAthletics

Lehman College
http://www.twitter.com/LehmanSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lehman-Athletics/143786505659693

LeMoyne-Owen College
http://www.twitter.com/locmagicians
http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeMoyne-Owen-College-Athletics/301239623230831831

Lenoir-Rhyne University
http://www.twitter.com/BearsSports
http://www.facebook.com/LRBears

Lesley University
http://www.twitter.com/lesleyathletics
http://www.facebook.com/LesleyAthletics

LeTourneau University
http://www.twitter.com/LETUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/letuathletics

Lewis University
http://www.twitter.com/LewisFlyers
http://www.facebook.com/LewisFlyersAthletics

Lewis & Clark College
http://www.twitter.com/LCPioneers
http://www.facebook.com/lc.pioneers

Lewis-Clark St.
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Liberty University
http://www.twitter.com/libertyflames
http://www.facebook.com/LibertyFlamesAthletics

Limestone College
http://www.twitter.com/LimestoneSaints
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Limestone-College-Athletics/156870214356895

Lincoln University (Mo.) 
http://www.twitter.com/gobluetigers 
http://www.facebook.com/LUBlueTigers

The Lincoln University (Pa.)
http://www.twitter.com/lulionsathletic
http://www.facebook.com/TheLincolnUniversityAthletics

Lincoln Christian College & Seminary
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Lincoln Memorial University
http://www.twitter.com/LMURailsplitter
http://www.facebook.com/LMURailsplitters

Lindenwood University
http://www.twitter.com/lu_lions
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Lindenwood-University-Athletics/228441264825

Linfield College
http://www.twitter.com/linfieldsports
http://www.facebook.com/linfieldsports

Lipscomb University
http://www.twitter.com/lipscombbisons
http://www.facebook.com/lipscombbisons

LIU Post
http://www.twitter.com/liupostpioneers
http://www.facebook.com/LIUPostPioneers

Livingstone College
http://www.twitter.com/lcbluebears
http://www.facebook.com/bluebearathletics

Lock Haven University
http://www.twitter.com/HavenAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/LHU-ATHLETICS/143695119068

Long Beach State University
http://www.twitter.com/LBSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/LBSUAthletics?ref=ts

Long Island University-Brooklyn
http://www.twitter.com/LIUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/LIUAthletics

Longwood University
http://www.twitter.com/LongwoodLancers
http://www.facebook.com/LongwoodLancers1839

Loras College
http://www.twitter.com/LorasAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/LorasAthletics

Louisiana College
http://www.twitter.com/LaColAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/lacollege

Louisiana Tech University
http://www.twitter.com/LATechSports
http://www.facebook.com/LATechAthletics

University of Louisville
http://www.twitter.com/GoCards 
http://www.facebook.com/GoCards

Loyola University Chicago
http://www.twitter.com/LoyolaRamblers
http://www.facebook.com/loyola.ramblers?ref=ts

Loyola University Maryland
http://www.twitter.com/LoyolaHounds
http://www.facebook.com/loyolahounds

Loyola Marymount University
http://www.twitter.com/LMULions
http://www.facebook.com/LMULions

Louisiana State University
http://www.twitter.com/LSUsports
http://www.facebook.com/LSUsports

Lubbock Christian University
http://www.twitter.com/LCUCHAPS
http://www.facebook.com/lcuchaps

Luther College
http://www.twitter.com/norsesports
http://www.facebook.com/luthercollegeathletics

Lycoming College
http://www.twitter.com/lycoathletics
http://www.facebook.com/LycoAthletics

Lynchburg College
http://www.twitter.com/lchornets
http://www.facebook.com/LCathletics

Lyndon State College
http://www.twitter.com/LyndonVSC
http://www.facebook.com/LyndonState

Lynn University
http://www.twitter.com/Lynn_Knights
http://www.facebook.com/LynnFightingKnights

Macalester College
http://www.twitter.com/MACathletics
http://www.facebook.com/macathletics

MacMurray College
http://www.twitter.com/MacMurraySports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/MacMurray-College-Athletics/132875503423116

University of Maine
http://www.twitter.com/BlackBearNation
http://www.facebook.com/UMBlackbears

Maine Maritime Academy
http://www.twitter.com/MarinersSports
http://www.facebook.com/MarinerSports

Malone University
http://www.twitter.com/maloneathletics
http://www.facebook.com/malonepioneers

Manchester College
http://www.twitter.com/MUSpartans
http://www.facebook.com/ManchesterAthletics

Manhattan College
http://www.twitter.com/GoJaspers
http://www.facebook.com/OfficialManhattanJaspers

Manhattanville College
http://www.twitter.com/MVilleValiants
http://www.facebook.com/GoValiants

Mansfield Univ. of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/MUMounties
http://www.facebook.com/gomounties

Maranatha Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/MBUSabercats
http://www.facebook.com/MaranathaAthletics

Marian University 
http://www.twitter.com/MUSabres
http://www.facebook.com/MUSabreAthletics

Marietta College
http://www.twitter.com/MariettaPioneer
http://www.facebook.com/MariettaCollege

Marist College
http://www.twitter.com/MaristAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/GoRedFoxes

Marquette University
http://www.twitter.com/muathletics
http://www.facebook.com/gomarquette

Mars Hill College
http://www.twitter.com/mhulions
http://www.facebook.com/MarsHillAthletics

Marshall University
http://www.twitter.com/herdzone
http://www.facebook.com/MarshallAthletics

Martin Luther College
http://www.twitter.com/mlcknights
http://www.facebook.com/mlcwels

University of Mary
http://www.twitter.com/umarysports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Marauder-Athletics/112856508740284

Mary Baldwin College
http://www.twitter.com/mbcathletics
http://www.facebook.com/MBCAthletics

University of Mary Hardin-Baylor
http://www.twitter.com/CruSports
http://www.facebook.com/crusports

University of Mary Washington
http://www.twitter.com/UMWathletics
http://www.facebook.com/UMWathletics

University of Maryland-College Park
http://www.twitter.com/umterps
http://www.facebook.com/marylandterrapins

UMBC
http://www.twitter.com/UMBCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UMBCAthletics

Marymount University
http://www.twitter.com/MarymountSaints
http://www.facebook.com/marymount.university

Maryville University of Saint Louis
http://www.twitter.com/MaryvilleSaints
http://www.facebook.com/MaryvilleSaints

Maryville College 
http://www.twitter.com/MCScots
http://www.facebook.com/MaryvilleCollegeAthletics

Marywood University
http://www.twitter.com/marywoodpacers
http://www.facebook.com/marywoodu

University of Massachusetts
http://www.twitter.com/UMassAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UMassAthletics

Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts
http://www.twitter.com/MCLAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/MCLA-Athletics/236618784736

Massachusetts Maritime Academy
http://www.twitter.com/mmabuccaneers
http://www.facebook.com/mmabucs

UMass Boston
http://www.twitter.com/UMassBeacons
http://www.facebook.com/beaconsathletics

UMass Dartmouth
http://www.twitter.com/Corsairsports
http://www.facebook.com/umassd

UMass Lowell
http://www.twitter.com/RiverHawkNation
http://www.facebook.com/UMLRiverHawks

McDaniel College
http://www.twitter.com/mcdanielsports
http://www.facebook.com/McDanielAthletics

McKendree University
http://www.twitter.com/McKBearcats
http://www.facebook.com/McKBearcats

McMurry University
http://www.twitter.com/mcmsports
http://www.facebook.com/mcmurrysports

McNeese State University
http://www.twitter.com/McNeeseSports
http://www.facebook.com/McNeeseSports

University of Maryland, Eastern Shore
http://www.twitter.com/UMES_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/UMESHarryTHawk

University of Maine, Farmington
http://www.twitter.com/UMFathletics
http://www.facebook.com/UMFathletics

University of Maine at Presque Isle
http://www.twitter.com/UMPIowls
http://www.facebook.com/owlsathletics

Medaille College
http://www.twitter.com/medaillemavs
http://www.facebook.com/medaillemavs

Medgar Evers College
http://www.twitter.com/meccougars
http://www.facebook.com/pages/MEC-Athletics/201954869980936

University of Memphis
http://www.twitter.com/TigersAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/memphistigers

Menlo College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Mercer University
http://www.twitter.com/MercerBears
http://www.facebook.com/mercerathletics

U.S. Merchant Marine Academy
http://www.twitter.com/USMMA_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/USMMAAthletics

Mercy College
http://www.twitter.com/MercyMavericks
http://www.facebook.com/mercycollegeny

Mercyhurst College
http://www.twitter.com/HurstAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/HurstAthletics

Meredith College
http://www.twitter.com/AvengingAngels
http://www.facebook.com/meredithavengingangels

Merrimack College
http://www.twitter.com/MC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/MerrimackWarriors

Messiah College
http://www.twitter.com/MessiahSports
http://www.facebook.com/messiahsports

Methodist University
http://www.twitter.com/mumonarchs
http://www.facebook.com/mumonarchs

Metropolitan St. University of Denver
http://www.twitter.com/MetroStSports
http://www.facebook.com/metro.state.roadrunners

University of Miami
http://www.twitter.com/miamihurricanes
http://www.facebook.com/miamihurricanes

Miami University (Ohio)
http://www.twitter.com/MiamiRedHawks
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Swoops-Official-Miami-University-Athletics-Fan-Page/135979283100555

University of Michigan
http://www.twitter.com/umichfootball 
http://www.facebook.com/michiganfball

Michigan State University
http://www.twitter.com/MSU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/MSUathletics

Michigan Technological University
http://www.twitter.com/MTUHuskies
http://www.facebook.com/MichiganTechHuskies

Middle Tennessee State University
http://www.twitter.com/MTAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/BlueRaiderAthletics

Middlebury College
http://www.twitter.com/MiddAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/meredithavengingangels

Midwestern State University
http://www.twitter.com/MSUMustangs
http://www.facebook.com/msumustangs

Miles College
http://www.twitter.com/MilesCollege
http://www.facebook.com/milescollegeathletics

Millersville University
http://www.twitter.com/MarauderNews
http://www.facebook.com/MillersvilleAthletics

Millikin University
http://www.twitter.com/MUBigBlue
http://www.facebook.com/MUbigblue

Mills College
http://www.twitter.com/MillsCyclones
http://www.facebook.com/MillsCyclones

Millsaps College
http://www.twitter.com/MajorAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/millsapscollegemajors

University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee
http://www.twitter.com/MKEPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/MilwaukeePanthers

Milwaukee School of Engineering
http://www.twitter.com/MSOE_Raiders
http://www.facebook.com/milwaukeeschoolofengineering

University of Minnesota-Duluth
http://www.twitter.com/UMDBulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/pages/UMD-Athletics/91762194002

Minnesota State University-Mankato
http://www.twitter.com/msumavericks
http://www.facebook.com/maverickathletics

Minnesota State Univ.-Moorhead
http://www.twitter.com/DragonAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/DragonAthletics

University of Minnesota-Crookston
http://www.twitter.com/UMCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Golden-Eagle-Sports/233733308019

University of Minnesota-Morris
http://www.twitter.com/UMMCougars
http://www.facebook.com/ummorris

University of Minnesota
http://www.twitter.com/GopherSports
http://www.facebook.com/GopherAthletics

Minot State University
http://www.twitter.com/MSUBeavers
http://www.facebook.com/MinotStateBeavers

Misericordia University
http://www.twitter.com/MUCougars
http://www.facebook.com/MUAthletics

University of Mississippi
http://www.twitter.com/OleMissSports
http://www.facebook.com/olemisssports

Mississippi College
http://www.twitter.com/ChoctawSports
http://www.facebook.com/ChoctawSports

Mississippi State University
http://www.twitter.com/HailState
http://www.facebook.com/HailStateAthletics

Mississippi Valley State University
http://www.twitter.com/MVSUDevilsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Mississippi-Valley-State-Athletics/301206713253891

University of Missouri
http://www.twitter.com/mutigersdotcom
http://www.facebook.com/mutigersdotcom

Missouri S&T
http://www.twitter.com/minersports
http://www.facebook.com/MinerSports

Missouri State University
http://www.twitter.com/MissouriStBears
http://www.facebook.com/missouristbears

MIT
http://www.twitter.com/MITengineers
http://www.facebook.com/MITengineers

Mitchell College
http://www.twitter.com/AthleticsMC
http://www.facebook.com/MitchellCollegeAthletics

Missouri Southern St. University
http://www.twitter.com/mososports
http://www.facebook.com/missourisouthernlions

Missouri Western St. University
http://www.twitter.com/gogriffons
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Missouri-Western-Griffon-Athletics/124328238118

University of Missouri-St. Louis
http://www.twitter.com/UMSLAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UMSLAthletics

Molloy College
http://www.twitter.com/molloylions
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Molloy-College-Athletics/192349204125643?v=wall

Monmouth University
http://www.twitter.com/MUHawks
http://www.facebook.com/MonmouthHawks

Monmouth College
http://www.twitter.com/mcfightingscots
http://www.facebook.com/MonmouthCollegeAthletics

Montana St. University Billings
http://www.twitter.com/MSUBsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/MSUB-Sports/143701145701497

University of Montana
http://www.twitter.com/UMGRIZZLIES
http://www.facebook.com/umgrizzlies

Montana State University-Bozeman
http://www.twitter.com/msubobcats
http://www.facebook.com/MontanaStateBobcats

Montclair State University
http://www.twitter.com/msuredhawks
http://www.facebook.com/MontclairStateUniversityAthletics

University of Montevallo
http://www.twitter.com/UMFalcons
http://www.facebook.com/MontevalloFalcons

Moravian College
http://www.twitter.com/MCGreyhounds
http://www.facebook.com/MoravianCollegeAthletics

Morehead State University
http://www.twitter.com/MSUATHLETICS
http://www.facebook.com/MSUEagles

Morehouse College
http://www.twitter.com/Morehouse
http://www.facebook.com/Morehouse1867

Morgan State University
http://www.twitter.com/MorganStBears
http://www.facebook.com/morganstatebears

Morningside College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Morris Brown College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Morrisville State College
http://www.twitter.com/MSCMustangs
http://www.facebook.com/morrisvillestatecollegeathletics?ref=ts

Mount Holyoke College
http://www.twitter.com/mhcathletics
http://www.facebook.com/mhclyons

Mount Ida College
http://www.twitter.com/MtIdaAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/mountidaathletics

Mount Olive College
http://www.twitter.com/umoathletics
http://www.facebook.com/umotrojans

Mount St. Joseph University
http://www.twitter.com/MSJ_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/MountStJoseph

Mount Union College
http://www.twitter.com/purpleraiders
http://www.facebook.com/purpleraiders

Mount Aloysius College
http://www.twitter.com/mountaloysius
http://www.facebook.com/mountaloysiuscollege

Mount Mary College
http://www.twitter.com/MtMaryAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/MountMaryAthletics

Mount Saint Mary College 
http://www.twitter.com/MSMCKnights
http://www.facebook.com/MSMCKnights

Mount St. Mary's University
http://www.twitter.com/MountAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/MountAthletics

College of Mount Saint Vincent
http://www.twitter.com/CMSVathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Mount-Saint-Vincent-Athletics/178319675364

Muhlenberg College
http://www.twitter.com/Muhl_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/MuhlenbergCollegeAthletics

Murray State University
http://www.twitter.com/MSURacers
http://www.facebook.com/MurrayStateRacerAthletics

Muskingum University
http://www.twitter.com/FightingMuskies
http://www.facebook.com/pages/MU-Fighting-Muskies/126226077422637

U.S. Naval Academy
http://www.twitter.com/NavyAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/navyathletics

Nazareth College
http://www.twitter.com/NazAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/nazathletics

Nebraska Wesleyan University
http://www.twitter.com/NEWesleyan
http://www.facebook.com/NebraskaWesleyan

University of Nebraska-Kearney
http://www.twitter.com/UNK_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/unkathletics

University of Nebraska
http://www.twitter.com/Huskers
http://www.facebook.com/huskers

Neumann University
http://www.twitter.com/NeumannKnights
http://www.facebook.com/NeumannKnights

University of Nevada
http://www.twitter.com/NevadaWolfPack
http://www.facebook.com/NevadaWolfPack

New England College
http://www.twitter.com/NEC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/New-England-College-Athletics/115884871789843

University of New Hampshire
http://www.twitter.com/UNHWildcats
http://www.facebook.com/UNHWildcats

University of New Haven
http://www.twitter.com/UNHChargers
http://www.facebook.com/UniversityofNewHavenAthletics

New Jersey City University
http://www.twitter.com/NJCU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/NJCUGothicKnights

University of New Mexico
http://www.twitter.com/UNMLOBOS
http://www.facebook.com/NewMexicoLobos

New Mexico State University
http://www.twitter.com/NMStateAggies
http://www.facebook.com/NMSUAthletics

University of New Orleans
http://www.twitter.com/UNOPrivateers
http://www.facebook.com/UNOPrivateers

College of New Rochelle
http://www.twitter.com/cnrathletics
http://www.facebook.com/CNRAthletics

New York University
http://www.twitter.com/NYUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/NYUAthletics

University of New England
http://www.twitter.com/UNESports
http://www.facebook.com/UNE.Athletics

New Jersey Institute of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/njithighlanders
http://www.facebook.com/NJITHighlanders

New Mexico Highlands University
http://www.twitter.com/NMHighlands
http://www.facebook.com/HighlandsUniversity?ref=ts

NYC College of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

New York Institute of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/NYITBears
http://www.facebook.com/nyitbears

Newberry College
http://www.twitter.com/NewberrySports
http://www.facebook.com/NewberryWolves

Newbury College
http://www.twitter.com/NCNighthawks13
http://www.facebook.com/NCNighthawks

Newman University
http://www.twitter.com/Newman_Jets
http://www.facebook.com/newmanjets

Niagara University
http://www.twitter.com/NUPurpleEagles
http://www.facebook.com/PurpleEagles

Nicholls State University
http://www.twitter.com/geauxcolonels
http://www.facebook.com/geauxcolonels

Nichols College
http://www.twitter.com/ncbison
http://www.facebook.com/Nichols.Athletics

Norfolk State University
http://www.twitter.com/NSUSpartans
http://www.facebook.com/NorfolkStateAthletics

University of North Alabama
http://www.twitter.com/UNAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/unaathletics

University of North Carolina
http://www.twitter.com/GoHeels
http://www.facebook.com/tarheels

North Carolina A&T State University
http://www.twitter.com/NCATAGGIES
http://www.facebook.com/ncatathletics

North Carolina Central University
http://www.twitter.com/NCCUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/NCCUAthletics

North Carolina State University
http://www.twitter.com/PackAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ncstateathletics

North Carolina Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/BishopSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/NC-Wesleyan-College-Athletics/191637709121?ref=ts

North Central College
http://www.twitter.com/NCC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/CardinalSports

North Central University
http://www.twitter.com/NCUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/NCURams

University of North Dakota
http://www.twitter.com/UNDsports
http://www.facebook.com/UNDathletics

North Dakota State University
http://www.twitter.com/NDSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/NDBison

University of North Florida
http://www.twitter.com/UNFOspreys
http://www.facebook.com/northfloridaospreys

University of North Georgia
http://www.twitter.com/UNG_Nighthawks
http://www.facebook.com/pages/North-Georgia-Athletics/125640184023

North Greenville University
http://www.twitter.com/Crusader_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/NGCrusaders

North Park University
http://www.twitter.com/NPU
http://www.facebook.com/npuchicago

University of North Texas
http://www.twitter.com/MeanGreenSports
http://www.facebook.com/MeanGreenSports

Northeastern University
http://www.twitter.com/GoNUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/GoNUathletics

Northeastern Illinois
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Northeastern State University
http://www.twitter.com/RiverHawkSports
http://www.facebook.com/riverhawksgear

Northern Arizona University
http://www.twitter.com/NAUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/LumberjackCountry

University of Northern Colorado
http://www.twitter.com/unc_bears
http://www.facebook.com/UNCBears

Northern Illinois University
http://www.twitter.com/NIUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/niuathletics

University of Northern Iowa
http://www.twitter.com/UNIAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/uniathletics

Northern Kentucky University
http://www.twitter.com/NKUNorse
http://www.facebook.com/nkunorse

Northern Michigan University
http://www.twitter.com/NMU_Wildcats
http://www.facebook.com/NMUWildcats

Northern State University
http://www.twitter.com/WolvesAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/northernstatewolves

Northland College
http://www.twitter.com/NCLumberNation
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Northland-College-Athletics/382640803764

Northwest Missouri State University
http://www.twitter.com/bearcatsports
http://www.facebook.com/bearcatsports

Northwest Nazarene University
http://www.twitter.com/NNUSports
http://www.facebook.com/NNUSports

Northwestern University
http://www.twitter.com/NU_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/NorthwesternAthletics

Northwestern Oklahoma State Univ.
http://www.twitter.com/NWOSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/NWOSUAthletics

Northwestern State University
http://www.twitter.com/NSUDemons
http://www.facebook.com/nsudemons

University of Northwestern-St. Paul
http://www.twitter.com/unweagles
http://www.facebook.com/unweagles

Northwood University (Michigan) 
http://www.twitter.com/nutimberwolves
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Northwood-Timberwolves-Athletics/211177301713

Norwich University
http://www.twitter.com/NorwichCadets
http://www.facebook.com/NUCadets

University of Notre Dame
http://www.twitter.com/FightingIrish
http://www.facebook.com/FightingIrish

Notre Dame of Maryland University
http://www.twitter.com/NDMGatorSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Notre-Dame-Gators/126112767919

Notre Dame College (Ohio)
http://www.twitter.com/NDCFalcons
http://www.facebook.com/NotreDameFalcons

Notre Dame de Namur
http://www.twitter.com/ndnuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/ndnuathletics

Nova Southeastern University
http://www.twitter.com/NSUSharks
http://www.facebook.com/NSUSharkAthletics

Nyack College
http://www.twitter.com/NyackWarriors
http://www.facebook.com/NyackCollegeAthletics

NYU Poly
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Oakland University
http://www.twitter.com/OUGrizzlies
http://www.facebook.com/ougrizzlies

Oakland City University
http://www.twitter.com/OaklandCityU
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Oakland-City-University/34712978694?ref=search&sid=1292857467.3050392098..1

Oberlin College
http://www.twitter.com/OC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Oberlin-College-Athletics/122661303235?ref=ts

Occidental College
http://www.twitter.com/OxyAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Occidental-College-Tigers/301328753215190?ref=hl

Oglethorpe University
http://www.twitter.com/OgleAthletics1
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Oglethorpe-University-Athletics/189616044580954

Ohio University
http://www.twitter.com/OhioBobcats
http://www.facebook.com/ohiobobcats

Ohio Dominican University
http://www.twitter.com/ODUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ODUAthletics

Ohio Northern University
http://www.twitter.com/ONUsports
http://www.facebook.com/ONUsports

The Ohio State University
http://www.twitter.com/OhioStAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/buckeyes

Ohio Valley University
http://www.twitter.com/ovuniversity
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Ohio-Valley-University-Athletics/122113267813296

Ohio Wesleyan University
http://www.twitter.com/OWUSport
http://www.facebook.com/OhioWesleyanUniversitySports

University of Oklahoma
http://www.twitter.com/OU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/oklahomasooners

Oklahoma Christian University
http://www.twitter.com/OCEagles
http://www.facebook.com/oceagles

Oklahoma Panhandle State Univ.
http://www.twitter.com/OPSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/OpsuAggieAthletics

Oklahoma State University
http://www.twitter.com/OSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/OSUAthletics

Old Dominion University
http://www.twitter.com/ODUSports
http://www.facebook.com/ODUsports

Olivet College
http://www.twitter.com/OlivetAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/OlivetAthletics

University of Nebraska-Omaha
http://www.twitter.com/omavs
http://www.facebook.com/omavs

Oral Roberts University
http://www.twitter.com/ORUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ORUAthletics

University of Oregon
http://www.twitter.com/GoDucks
http://www.facebook.com/goducks

Oregon State University
http://www.twitter.com/beaverathletics
http://www.facebook.com/OregonStateBeavers

Otterbein University
http://www.twitter.com/OtterbeinSports
http://www.facebook.com/OtterbeinU

Ouachita Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/OBUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/OBUAthletics

University of the Ozarks
http://www.twitter.com/UofOAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/uofoathletics

University of Puerto Rico-Bayamon
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

University of Puerto Rico, Cayey
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

University of Puerto Rico, Humacao
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

University of Puerto Rico-Mayaguez Campus
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

University of Puerto Rico-Rio Piedras
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Pace University
http://www.twitter.com/PaceUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/T-Bone-Official-Mascot-of-Pace-University-Athletics/113418672838

University of the Pacific
http://www.twitter.com/PacificTigers
http://www.facebook.com/PacificTigers

Pacific University
http://www.twitter.com/goboxers
http://www.facebook.com/pacificuboxers

Pacific Lutheran University
http://www.twitter.com/golutes
http://www.facebook.com/golutes

Paine College
http://www.twitter.com/PaineAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/paineathletics

Palm Beach Atlantic University
http://www.twitter.com/PBASailfish
http://www.facebook.com/PBASailfish

University of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/pennathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pennathletics

Penn College of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/PCTAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/PCTAthletics

Penn State Abington
http://www.twitter.com/abingtonsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Penn-State-Abington-Athletics/123382576075

Penn State Altoona
http://www.twitter.com/PSAltoonaLions
http://www.facebook.com/altoona.lions

Penn State Behrend
http://www.twitter.com/PSBAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Penn-State-Behrend-Athletics/160799190630101

Penn State Berks College
http://www.twitter.com/PennStateBerks
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Penn-State-Berks-Athletics/129342023791432

Penn State Harrisburg
http://www.twitter.com/PSHbgAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/PSHathletics/480413781993193?ref=hl

Penn State University
http://www.twitter.com/GoPSUsports
http://www.facebook.com/pennstatenittanylions

Pepperdine University
http://www.twitter.com/PepperdineWaves
http://www.facebook.com/pepperdine.athletics

Pfeiffer University
http://www.twitter.com/PfeifferSports
http://www.facebook.com/PfeifferAthletics

Philadelphia University
http://www.twitter.com/PhilaURams
http://www.facebook.com/PhiladelphiaRams

Piedmont College
http://www.twitter.com/PiedmontLions
http://www.facebook.com/PiedmontCollege

Pine Manor College
http://www.twitter.com/PMCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/PMCAthletics

University of Pittsburgh, Bradford
http://www.twitter.com/PittBradfordSID
http://www.facebook.com/PittBradford

University of Pittsburgh-Greensburg
http://www.twitter.com/upgbobcats
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Pitt-Greensburg-Athletics/159498570740472

University of Pittsburgh-Johnstown
http://www.twitter.com/MtnCatAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Pitt-Johnstown-Athletics/288691506285

Pittsburg State University
http://www.twitter.com/PittStGorillas
http://www.facebook.com/PittsburgStateAthletics

University of Pittsburgh
http://www.twitter.com/PittAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/PittsburghPanthers

Plattsburgh State University
http://www.twitter.com/PburghCardinals
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Plattsburgh-State-Athletics/151754779173

Plymouth State University
http://www.twitter.com/PSUPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/PSUathletics

Point Loma Nazarene University
http://www.twitter.com/PLNUSeaLions
http://www.facebook.com/plnusealions

Pomona-Pitzer Colleges
http://www.twitter.com/Sagehens
http://www.facebook.com/Sagehens

University of Portland
http://www.twitter.com/PortlandPilots
http://www.facebook.com/PortlandPilots

Portland State University
http://www.twitter.com/PSU_VIKINGS
http://www.facebook.com/PSUVIKINGS

Post University
http://www.twitter.com/GoPostEagles
http://www.facebook.com/PostUniversity

Prairie View A&M University
http://www.twitter.com/PVAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Prairie-View-AM-Panther-Athletics/155528294500785?ref=hl

Presbyterian College
http://www.twitter.com/BlueHoseSports
http://www.facebook.com/BlueHoseSports

Presentation College
http://www.twitter.com/pc_saints
http://www.facebook.com/presentationcollege

Princeton University
http://www.twitter.com/PUTigers
http://www.facebook.com/PrincetonUniversityAthletics

Principia College
http://www.twitter.com/PrinAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/PrincipiaCollegeAthletics

Providence College
http://www.twitter.com/PCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FriarFaithful

University of Puget Sound
http://www.twitter.com/PSLoggers
http://www.facebook.com/psloggers

Purchase College-SUNY
http://www.twitter.com/PC_Panthers
http://www.facebook.com/purchasecollegeathletics

Purdue University
http://www.twitter.com/PurdueSports
http://www.facebook.com/PurdueSports

Queens University of Charlotte
http://www.twitter.com/QueensAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/QueensRoyals

Queens College
http://www.twitter.com/QCKnights
http://www.facebook.com/qcknights

Quincy University
http://www.twitter.com/QUHawks
http://www.facebook.com/QuincyUniversityAthletics

Quinnipiac University
http://www.twitter.com/QUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/quathletics

Radford University
http://www.twitter.com/ru_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/RadfordAthletics

Ramapo College
http://www.twitter.com/RCNJRoadrunners
http://www.facebook.com/RamapoCollegeAthletics

Randolph College
http://www.twitter.com/TrackTheCats
http://www.facebook.com/TrackTheCats

Randolph-Macon College
http://www.twitter.com/R_MCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/RMCAthletics

University of Redlands
http://www.twitter.com/GoRedlands
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bulldog-Athletics/142316102454681

Regis University
http://www.twitter.com/RegisRangers
http://www.facebook.com/RegisRangers

Regis College
http://www.twitter.com/GoRegisPride
http://www.facebook.com/RegisCollegeAthletics

Reneau University
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
http://www.twitter.com/RPIAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/rpiathletics

University of Rhode Island
http://www.twitter.com/GoRhodyRams
http://www.facebook.com/GoRhodyRams

Rhode Island College
http://www.twitter.com/GoAnchormen
http://www.facebook.com/rhodeislandcollege

Rhodes College
http://www.twitter.com/RhodesAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/rhodescollege

Rice University
http://www.twitter.com/RiceOwlsdotcom
http://www.facebook.com/RiceAthletics

Richard Stockton College
http://www.twitter.com/stocktonospreys
http://www.facebook.com/StocktonOspreys

University of Richmond
http://www.twitter.com/SpiderAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/SpiderAthletics

Rider University
http://www.twitter.com/RIDERATHLETICS
http://www.facebook.com/RiderAthletics

Ripon College
http://www.twitter.com/RiponRedHawks
http://www.facebook.com/redhawks.athletics

Rivier College
http://www.twitter.com/RivierRaiders
http://www.facebook.com/rivieruniversityraiders

Roanoke College
http://www.twitter.com/RCmaroons
http://www.facebook.com/rcathletics

Robert Morris University
http://www.twitter.com/RMUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/RMUAthletics

Roberts Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/RWCREDHAWKS
http://www.facebook.com/RobertsWesleyanCollege

University of Rochester
http://www.twitter.com/UofRathletics
http://www.facebook.com/URAthletics

Rochester Institute of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/RITsports
http://www.facebook.com/RIT.Athletics

Rockford College
http://www.twitter.com/RockfordRegents
http://www.facebook.com/RockfordUniversityAthletics

Rockhurst University
http://www.twitter.com/RUhawks
http://www.facebook.com/RockhurstAthletics

Roger Williams University
http://www.twitter.com/RWU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/rwu.athletics

Rogers State University
http://www.twitter.com/RSUHillcats
http://www.facebook.com/RSUHillcatAthletics

Rollins College
http://www.twitter.com/RollinsSports
http://www.facebook.com/RollinsSports

Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/rhitsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Rose-Hulman-Fightin-Engineers-Athletics/117958236472

Rosemont College
http://www.twitter.com/RosemontRavens
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Rosemont-Ravens/123632047694252

Rowan University
http://www.twitter.com/RowanAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/rowanprofs

Rust College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/RustCollege1866

Rutgers University
http://www.twitter.com/RUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/RutgersAthletics

Rutgers University, Camden
http://www.twitter.com/RUCRaptorRage
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Rutgers-Camden-Athletics-Recreational-Services/527661240594358?ref=stream

Rutgers University, Newark
http://www.twitter.com/RNAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/RutgersNewarkScarletRaiders

Sacramento State University
http://www.twitter.com/hornetsports
http://www.facebook.com/SacramentoStateAthletics

Sacred Heart University
http://www.twitter.com/SHUBigRed
http://www.facebook.com/SacredHeartUniversityPioneers

The Sage Colleges
http://www.twitter.com/SageGators
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Sage-Athletics/169869360588

Saginaw Valley State University
http://www.twitter.com/SVSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/SVSUAthletics

College of Saint Benedict
http://www.twitter.com/CSBBlazers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/CSB-Blazers/93077411242

Saint Mary's University (Minn.)
http://www.twitter.com/SMUSID
http://www.facebook.com/saintmaryssports

Saint Peter's University 
http://www.twitter.com/PeacockNation
http://www.facebook.com/SaintPetersAthletics

Saint Martin's University
http://www.twitter.com/SMUSaints
http://www.facebook.com/smusaints

St. Mary's College (CA)
http://www.twitter.com/smcgaels
http://www.facebook.com/smcgaels

Saint Mary's College (IN)
http://www.twitter.com/smcbelles
http://www.facebook.com/GoBelles

St. Mary's College (MD)
http://www.twitter.com/smcseahawks
http://www.facebook.com/stmarysathletics

Salem College
http://www.twitter.com/SalemAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Salem-College-Athletics/387895886514

Salem International University
http://www.twitter.com/SIUTigers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Salem-International-Tigers/48728697615

Salem State University
http://www.twitter.com/SsuVikings
http://www.facebook.com/pages/SSC-VIKINGS/203032806913

Salisbury University
http://www.twitter.com/suseagulls
http://www.facebook.com/SUSeaGulls

Salve Regina University
http://www.twitter.com/SalveAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/SalveAthletics

Sam Houston State University
http://www.twitter.com/BearkatSports
http://www.facebook.com/BearkatAthletics

Samford University
http://www.twitter.com/samford_sports
http://www.facebook.com/SamfordSports

University of San Diego
http://www.twitter.com/USDToreros
http://www.facebook.com/USDathletics

San Diego State University
http://www.twitter.com/GoAztecs
http://www.facebook.com/goaztecs

San Francisco State University
http://www.twitter.com/SFStateGators
http://www.facebook.com/SanFranciscoStateGators

University of San Francisco
http://www.twitter.com/DonsAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/DonsAthletics

San Jose State University
http://www.twitter.com/SJSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/SJSUSpartans

Santa Clara University
http://www.twitter.com/SCUBroncos
http://www.facebook.com/santaclarabroncos

Sarah Lawrence College
http://www.twitter.com/SLCGryphons
http://www.facebook.com/SLCGryphons

Savannah State University
http://www.twitter.com/SavStateTigers
http://www.facebook.com/SSUAthletics

Savannah College of Art & Design
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Schreiner University
http://www.twitter.com/SUMountaineers
http://www.facebook.com/Schreiner-University/82504684599?ref=nf

University of Scranton
http://www.twitter.com/RoyalAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/RoyalAthletics

Seattle University
http://www.twitter.com/su_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Seattle-U-Athletics/135935046371

Seattle Pacific University
http://www.twitter.com/SPUsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Seattle-Pacific-Falcons/189759783201

Seton Hall University
http://www.twitter.com/SHUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/shuathletics

Seton Hill University
http://www.twitter.com/GriffinsSports
http://www.facebook.com/SetonHill

The University of the South
http://www.twitter.com/sewaneetigers
http://www.facebook.com/SewaneeAthletics

Shaw University
http://www.twitter.com/ShawBears
http://www.facebook.com/SUBears

Shenandoah University
http://www.twitter.com/SUHornets
http://www.facebook.com/SUHornets

Shepherd University
http://www.twitter.com/SURamsOfficial
http://www.facebook.com/SURAMNationOfficial

Shippensburg University
http://www.twitter.com/ShipURaiders
http://www.facebook.com/ShipAthletics

Shorter University
http://www.twitter.com/ShorterHawks
http://www.facebook.com/ShorterHawks

Siena College
http://www.twitter.com/SienaSaints
http://www.facebook.com/SienaSaints

Simmons College
http://www.twitter.com/SimmonsSharks
http://www.facebook.com/SimmonsCollegeAthletics

Simon Fraser University
http://www.twitter.com/SFUClan
http://www.facebook.com/sfuclan

Simpson College
http://www.twitter.com/StormSports
http://www.facebook.com/SimpsonAthletics

University of Sioux Falls
http://www.twitter.com/USF_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/USFCougars

Southern Illinois Univ.-Edwardsville 
http://www.twitter.com/SIUECougars
http://www.facebook.com/siuecougars

Skidmore College
http://www.twitter.com/SkidmoreSID
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Skidmore-College-Thoroughbreds/100530508418

Slippery Rock University
http://www.twitter.com/Rock_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/RockAthletics

Smith College
http://www.twitter.com/SmithPioneers
http://www.facebook.com/SmithPioneers

Southern Methodist University
http://www.twitter.com/SMUMustangs
http://www.facebook.com/SMUMustangs

Sonoma State University
http://www.twitter.com/sonomaseawolves
http://www.facebook.com/sonomaseawolves

University of South Alabama
http://www.twitter.com/USAJaguarSports
http://www.facebook.com/USAJaguarSports

University of South Carolina
http://www.twitter.com/GamecocksOnline
http://www.facebook.com/Gamecocksonline

South Carolina State University
http://www.twitter.com/SCStateAthletic
http://www.facebook.com/pages/SC-State-Bulldogs/154470787923091

University of South Dakota
http://www.twitter.com/SDCoyotes
http://www.facebook.com/SouthDakotaCoyotes

South Dakota (Mines)
http://www.twitter.com/Grubby43
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hardrocker-Athletics/130791666959274

South Dakota State University
http://www.twitter.com/GoJacksSDSU
http://www.facebook.com/SDSU.Jackrabbit.Nation

University of South Florida
http://www.twitter.com/USFAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/USFAthletics

University of South Carolina Aiken
http://www.twitter.com/PacerAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/USC-Aiken-Athletics/104911865817

University of South Carolina Upstate
http://www.twitter.com/UpstateSpartans
http://www.facebook.com/UpstateAthletics

Southampton Campus of LIU
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Southeast Missouri State University
http://www.twitter.com/GoSoutheast
http://www.facebook.com/GoSoutheast

Southeastern Louisiana University
http://www.twitter.com/sluathletics
http://www.facebook.com/sluathletics

Southeastern Oklahoma State Univ.
http://www.twitter.com/GoSoutheastern
http://www.facebook.com/GoSoutheastern

Southern Arkansas University
http://www.twitter.com/MuleriderSports
http://www.facebook.com/muleriderathletics

University of Southern California
http://www.twitter.com/USC_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/USCTrojans

Southern Connecticut St. University
http://www.twitter.com/SCSU_Owls
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Southern-Connecticut-State-University-Athletics/91561862988

Southern Illinois University
http://www.twitter.com/SIUSalukis
http://www.facebook.com/SalukiAthletics

University of Southern Indiana
http://www.twitter.com/USIAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/usiathletics

University of Southern Maine
http://www.twitter.com/usmhuskies
http://www.facebook.com/southernmainehuskies

The University of Southern Mississippi
http://www.twitter.com/USMGoldenEagles
http://www.facebook.com/southernmiss

Southern New Hampshire University
http://www.twitter.com/snhupenmen
http://www.facebook.com/SNHUPenmen

Southern Nazarene University
http://www.twitter.com/snuathletics
http://www.facebook.com/snuathletics

Southern University
http://www.twitter.com/SouthernUsports
http://www.facebook.com/SouthernUJaguars

Southern Utah University
http://www.twitter.com/SUUThunderbirds
http://www.facebook.com/suuthunderbirds

Southern Virginia University
http://www.twitter.com/svuknights
http://www.facebook.com/svuknights

Southern Vermont College
http://www.twitter.com/theSVCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Southern-Vermont-College-Athletics/203262843080568

Southern Wesleyan University
http://www.twitter.com/swuwarriors
http://www.facebook.com/SWUAthletics

Southwest Baptist University
http://www.twitter.com/sbubearcats
http://www.facebook.com/SBUniv

Southwest Minnesota St. University
http://www.twitter.com/SMSUMustangs
http://www.facebook.com/SMSUMustangs

Southwestern University
http://www.twitter.com/SUPirates
http://www.facebook.com/SUPirates

Southwestern Oklahoma State Univ.
http://www.twitter.com/SWOSUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/SWOSU-Athletics/221652441231373

Spalding University
http://www.twitter.com/SU_GoldenEagles
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Spalding-University-Athletics/110287775753902

Spelman College
http://www.twitter.com/spelmancollege
http://www.facebook.com/SpelmanCollege

Spring Hill College
http://www.twitter.com/SHCBADGERS
http://www.facebook.com/SHCAthletics

Springfield College
http://www.twitter.com/SC_Pride
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Springfield-College-Athletics/153493924726511

St. Andrews Presbyterian College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Saint Anselm College
http://www.twitter.com/STAHawks
http://www.facebook.com/STAHawks

St. Augustine's University
http://www.twitter.com/SAUFalcons
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Saint-Augustines-University-Department-of-Athletics/428537570526194

St. Bonaventure University
http://www.twitter.com/Go_Bonnies
http://www.facebook.com/GoBonnies

St. Catherine University
http://www.twitter.com/SCUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/StKatesAthletics

St. Cloud State University
http://www.twitter.com/SCSUHUSKIES
http://www.facebook.com/SCSUATHLETICS

St. Edward's University
http://www.twitter.com/TOPPERPRIDE
http://www.facebook.com/stedwardsathletics

College of Saint Elizabeth
http://www.twitter.com/CSEathletics
http://www.facebook.com/CollegeOfSaintElizabeth

University of St. Francis (Ill.)
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

St. Francis College (NY)
http://www.twitter.com/SFBKTerriers
http://www.facebook.com/SFCTerriers

Saint Francis University
http://www.twitter.com/SFUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/SFUAthletics

St. John Fisher College
http://www.twitter.com/FisherAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/FisherAthletics

St. John's University (Minn.) 
http://www.twitter.com/SJUJohnnies
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Saint-Johns-University-Minn-Athletics/106898437694

St. John's University (N.Y.) 
http://www.twitter.com/StJohnsRedStorm
http://www.facebook.com/StJohnsRedStorm

University of Saint Joseph (Conn.)
http://www.twitter.com/USJCT
http://www.facebook.com/USJCT

Saint Joseph's University
http://www.twitter.com/SJUHawks
http://www.facebook.com/saintjosephshawks

St. Joseph's College (Brooklyn)
http://www.twitter.com/SJCBears
http://www.facebook.com/SJCBears

Saint Joseph's College (Ind.) 
http://www.twitter.com/sjc_athletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Saint-Josephs-College-Athletics/116240235128654

St. Joseph's College (Long Island)
http://www.twitter.com/SJCNY
http://www.facebook.com/SJCeagles

Saint Joseph's College (Maine)
http://www.twitter.com/SJCmonks
http://www.facebook.com/SJCMEathletics

St. Lawrence University
http://www.twitter.com/SLUsaints
http://www.facebook.com/SaintsAthletics

Saint Leo University
http://www.twitter.com/SaintLeoLions
http://www.facebook.com/saintleolions

Saint Louis University
http://www.twitter.com/SLU_Billikens
http://www.facebook.com/Billiken.Athletics

St. Mary's University (Texas) 
http://www.twitter.com/StMarysRattlers
http://www.facebook.com/StMarysRattlers

Saint Michael's College
http://www.twitter.com/smcathletics
http://www.facebook.com/smcpurpleknights

St. Norbert College
http://www.twitter.com/sncathletics
http://www.facebook.com/stnorbert

St. Olaf College
http://www.twitter.com/StOlafSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/St-Olaf-College-Athletics/104680421641

St. Paul's College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

The College of Saint Rose
http://www.twitter.com/gogoldenknights
http://www.facebook.com/GoGoldenKnights

College of St. Scholastica
http://www.twitter.com/CSSSAINTS
http://www.facebook.com/css.saints

St. Thomas University
http://www.twitter.com/STU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/stuathletics

University of St. Thomas (Minn.)
http://www.twitter.com/UofStThomasMN
http://www.facebook.com/USTFootball

St. Thomas Aquinas College
http://www.twitter.com/STACSpartans
http://www.facebook.com/stac.edu

Saint Vincent College
http://www.twitter.com/SVC_Bearcats
http://www.facebook.com/saintvincentcollege

Stanford University
http://www.twitter.com/gostanford
http://www.facebook.com/stanfordathletics

College of Staten Island
http://www.twitter.com/CSIDolphins
http://www.facebook.com/pages/CSI-Dolphin-Athletics/219159838236217

Stephen F. Austin State University
http://www.twitter.com/SFA_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/sfalumberjacks

Stephens College
http://www.twitter.com/Stephens_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/StephensCollegeAthletics

Stetson University
http://www.twitter.com/StetsonHatters
http://www.facebook.com/stetsonhatters

Stevens Institute of Technology 
http://www.twitter.com/StevensDucks
http://www.facebook.com/StevensAthletics

Stevenson University
http://www.twitter.com/GoMustangSports
http://www.facebook.com/gomustangsports

Stillman College
http://www.twitter.com/gostillman
http://www.facebook.com/go.stillman

Stonehill College
http://www.twitter.com/SkyhawkTalk
http://www.facebook.com/StonehillSkyhawks

Stony Brook University
http://www.twitter.com/SBAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/StonyBrookAthletics

Suffolk University
http://www.twitter.com/gosuffolkrams
http://www.facebook.com/gosuffolkrams

Sul Ross State University
http://www.twitter.com/sulrosssports
http://www.facebook.com/SulRossState

SUNY Canton
http://www.twitter.com/SUNYCantonRoos
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Roo-Athletics/132945970049281

SUNY, Cortland
http://www.twitter.com/RedDragonPride
http://www.facebook.com/cortlandreddragons

SUNY, Geneseo
http://www.twitter.com/GeneseoKnights
http://www.facebook.com/GeneseoBlueKnights

SUNY Maritime College
http://www.twitter.com/mtimeprivateers
http://www.facebook.com/maritimeprivateers

SUNY New Paltz
http://www.twitter.com/nphawks
http://www.facebook.com/NewPaltzHawks

SUNY Oneonta
http://www.twitter.com/RedDragonSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Oneonta-State-Fans-in-the-Stands/290856936940?v=wall

SUNY Polytechnic Institute
http://www.twitter.com/ITWILDCATS
http://www.facebook.com/SUNYIT

SUNY, Potsdam
http://www.twitter.com/PotsdamBears
http://www.facebook.com/pages/SUNY-Potsdam-Bears-Athletics/146236625399529

SUNY, Cobleskill
http://www.twitter.com/FightingTigers_
http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Fighting-Tigers/356910181035934

SUNY, Old Westbury
http://www.twitter.com/OW_Panthers
http://www.facebook.com/OldWestburyPanthersAthletics

SUNY, Oswego
http://www.twitter.com/oswegoathletics
http://www.facebook.com/OswegoStateAthletics

Susquehanna University
http://www.twitter.com/GOSusqU
http://www.facebook.com/susquehanna.crusaders

Swarthmore College
http://www.twitter.com/SwatAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/SwarthmoreAthletics

Sweet Briar College
http://www.twitter.com/VixenAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vixen-Athletics/138894206149149

Syracuse University
http://www.twitter.com/Cuse
http://www.facebook.com/SyracuseOrange

University of Tampa
http://www.twitter.com/utspartans
http://www.facebook.com/tampaspartans

Tarleton State University
http://www.twitter.com/TarletonSports
http://www.facebook.com/TarletonSports

The College of New Jersey
http://www.twitter.com/TCNJAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-College-of-New-Jersey-Athletics/115030598590248?sk=wall

Texas Christian University
http://www.twitter.com/TCU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/TCUAthletics

Temple University
http://www.twitter.com/Owlsports_com
http://www.facebook.com/TempleAthletics

University of Tennessee at Chattanooga
http://www.twitter.com/GoMocs
http://www.facebook.com/ChattanoogaMocs

University of Tennessee at Martin
http://www.twitter.com/UTMSports
http://www.facebook.com/UTMSports

University of Tennessee
http://www.twitter.com/Vol_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/tennesseeathletics

Tennessee State University
http://www.twitter.com/TSU_Tigers
http://www.facebook.com/tsutigers

Tennessee Technological University
http://www.twitter.com/TTUGoldenEagles
http://www.facebook.com/TTUGoldenEagles

Texas A&M International University
http://www.twitter.com/TAMIUATHLETICS
http://www.facebook.com/godustdevils

Texas A&M-Commerce
http://www.twitter.com/Lion_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/LionsAthletics

Texas A&M-Kingsville
http://www.twitter.com/javelinasdotcom
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100008335955197&fref=ts

University of Texas, Permian Basin
http://www.twitter.com/utpbfalcons
http://www.facebook.com/UTPBAthletics

University of Texas-Pan American
http://www.twitter.com/UTPABRONCS
http://www.facebook.com/UTPABroncs

University of Texas
http://www.twitter.com/TexasSports
http://www.facebook.com/TexasLonghorns

Texas A&M University
http://www.twitter.com/AggieAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/AggieAthletics

Texas Lutheran University
http://www.twitter.com/tluathletics
http://www.facebook.com/tlubulldogs

Texas Southern University
http://www.twitter.com/TXSOTigers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Texas-Southern-University-Athletics/117964758251719

Texas State University
http://www.twitter.com/TXSTATEBOBCATS
http://www.facebook.com/TXStateBobcats

Texas Tech University
http://www.twitter.com/TechAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/TTUAthletics

Texas Wesleyan University
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

Texas Woman's University
http://www.twitter.com/twupioneers
http://www.facebook.com/twuathletics

Texas A&M-Corpus Christi
http://www.twitter.com/Go_Islanders
http://www.facebook.com/GoIslanders

University of Texas-Arlington
http://www.twitter.com/UTAMAVS
http://www.facebook.com/UTArlingtonAthletics

University of Texas-Dallas
http://www.twitter.com/UTDCOMETSPORTS
http://www.facebook.com/cometsports

University of Texas-Tyler
http://www.twitter.com/uttylerpatriots
http://www.facebook.com/uttylerpatriots

Thiel College
http://www.twitter.com/ThielAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/TCAthletics

Thomas College
http://www.twitter.com/ThomasAth
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Thomas-College-Athletics/110996442312111

Thomas More College
http://www.twitter.com/tmcsaints
http://www.facebook.com/thomasmoresaints

Tiffin University
http://www.twitter.com/gotiffindragons
http://www.facebook.com/TiffinDragonsAthletics

University of Toledo
http://www.twitter.com/ToledoRockets
http://www.facebook.com/UTRockets

Towson University
http://www.twitter.com/TowsonTigers
http://www.facebook.com/TowsonTigers

Transylvania University
http://www.twitter.com/TransySports
http://www.facebook.com/transysports

Trevecca Nazarene University
http://www.twitter.com/tnusports
http://www.facebook.com/tnutrojans

Trine University
http://www.twitter.com/TrineAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/TrineThunder

Trinity College (CT)
http://www.twitter.com/BantamSports
http://www.facebook.com/BantamSports

Trinity University (Texas)
http://www.twitter.com/Trinity_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/TrinityUniversityAthletics

Trinity Washington University
http://www.twitter.com/TrinityDC
http://www.facebook.com/trinitydc

Troy University
http://www.twitter.com/TroyAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/troyathletics

Truman State University
http://www.twitter.com/TrumanAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Truman-State-University-Bulldog-Athletics/74507523832

Tufts University
http://www.twitter.com/TuftsAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/TuftsAthletics

Tulane University
http://www.twitter.com/GreenWaveNews
http://www.facebook.com/TUGreenWave

The University of Tulsa
http://www.twitter.com/TulsaHurricane
http://www.facebook.com/TulsaHurricane

Tusculum College
http://www.twitter.com/TusculumSports
http://www.facebook.com/TusculumPioneers

Tuskegee University
http://www.twitter.com/TUGoldenTigers
http://www.facebook.com/GoldenTigerSports

UAB
http://www.twitter.com/UABathletics
http://www.facebook.com/UAB.Blazers

UC Davis
http://www.twitter.com/UCDavisAggies
http://www.facebook.com/UCDavisAggies

UC Irvine
http://www.twitter.com/UCIAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UCIAthletics

UC Riverside
http://www.twitter.com/UCR_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/UCRiversideAthletics

UC San Diego
http://www.twitter.com/UCSDtritons
http://www.facebook.com/UCSDTritons

UC Santa Barbara
http://www.twitter.com/UCSBgauchos
http://www.facebook.com/UCSBAthletics

UC Santa Cruz
http://www.twitter.com/UCSCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UCSC.Athletics

UCLA
http://www.twitter.com/UCLAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/uclaathletics

UMKC
http://www.twitter.com/TheUMKCRoos
http://www.facebook.com/UMKCKangaroos

UNC Asheville
http://www.twitter.com/ashevilledogs
http://www.facebook.com/ashevilledogs

UNC Greensboro
http://www.twitter.com/uncgsports
http://www.facebook.com/UNCGSpartanAthletics

UNC Pembroke
http://www.twitter.com/UNCP_Sports
http://www.facebook.com/UNCPAthletics

UNC Wilmington
http://www.twitter.com/UNCWAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/uncwathletics

Union College (N.Y.) 
http://www.twitter.com/UnionAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UnionAthletics

Union University (Tenn.)
http://www.twitter.com/UUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UUAthletics

Univ. of the Sciences in Philadelphia
http://www.twitter.com/USciencesDevils
http://www.facebook.com/USPAthletics

UNLV
http://www.twitter.com/UNLVAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UNLVAthletics

Upper Iowa University
http://www.twitter.com/UIUPeacocks
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Upper-Iowa-Athletics/350860005437

Urbana University
http://www.twitter.com/UUSports
http://www.facebook.com/UUSports

Ursinus College
http://www.twitter.com/ucathletics
http://www.facebook.com/ucathletics

Ursuline College
http://www.twitter.com/UrsulineArrows
http://www.facebook.com/UrsulineArrows

University of Utah
http://www.twitter.com/utahathletics
http://www.facebook.com/uathletics

Utah State University
http://www.twitter.com/USUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/USUAthletics

Utah Valley University
http://www.twitter.com/WolverineGreen
http://www.facebook.com/UtahValleyWolverines

UTEP
http://www.twitter.com/UTEPAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UTEPAthletics

Utica College
http://www.twitter.com/UCPioneers
http://www.facebook.com/UCPioneers

UTSA
http://www.twitter.com/UTSAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UTSAAthletics

Valdosta State University
http://www.twitter.com/BlazerAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/ValdostaStateBlazers

University of Valley Forge
http://www.twitter.com/UVFAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UVFAthletics

Valparaiso University
http://www.twitter.com/valpoathletics
http://www.facebook.com/valpoathletics

Vanderbilt University
http://www.twitter.com/vucommodores
http://www.facebook.com/vanderbiltathletics

Vassar College
http://www.twitter.com/vassarathletics
http://www.facebook.com/vassarathletics

Virginia Commonwealth University
http://www.twitter.com/VCUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/govcurams

University of Vermont
http://www.twitter.com/UVMAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/vermont.catamounts

Villanova University
http://www.twitter.com/NovaAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/VillanovaAthletics

Virginia Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/VWCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/VWCathletics

University of Virginia
http://www.twitter.com/VirginiaSports
http://www.facebook.com/VirginiaCavaliers

Virginia State University
http://www.twitter.com/VSUsports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Virginia-State-University-Athletics/435888620470

Virginia Tech
http://www.twitter.com/hokiesports
http://www.facebook.com/hokiesports

Virginia Union University
http://www.twitter.com/VUUPanthers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Virginia-Union-University-Athletics/259708676133

Virginia's College at Wise
http://www.twitter.com/uvawisecavs
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Highland-Cavalier-Athletics/128870373875

Virginia Military Institute
http://www.twitter.com/VMIathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/VMI-Keydets-Athletics/28417499775

Wabash College
http://www.twitter.com/wabashathletics
http://www.facebook.com/WabashCollegeAthletics

Wagner College
http://www.twitter.com/WagnerAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WagnerSeahawk

Wake Forest University
http://www.twitter.com/DemonDeacons
http://www.facebook.com/WakeForestSports

Walsh University
http://www.twitter.com/walshcavaliers
http://www.facebook.com/WalshCavaliers

Wartburg College
http://www.twitter.com/KnightsSID
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Wartburg-Knights/329898512142

Washington and Jefferson College
http://www.twitter.com/wjathletics
http://www.facebook.com/wjpresidents

Washington and Lee University
http://www.twitter.com/WLUGenerals
http://www.facebook.com/wlugenerals

Washburn University of Topeka 
http://www.twitter.com/wusports
http://www.facebook.com/wusports

University of Washington
http://www.twitter.com/UWAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WashingtonHuskies

Washington Adventist University
http://www.twitter.com/waushock
http://www.facebook.com/waushock

Washington College 
http://www.twitter.com/WCAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/wcathletics

Washington State University
http://www.twitter.com/WSUCougars
http://www.facebook.com/WSUCougars

Washington University (Missouri)
http://www.twitter.com/WUSTLBears
http://www.facebook.com/WUSTLAthletics

Wayne State University 
http://www.twitter.com/waynestwarriors
http://www.facebook.com/wsuwarriors

Wayne State College 
http://www.twitter.com/wscwildcats
http://www.facebook.com/wscwildcats

Waynesburg University
http://www.twitter.com/WaynesburgSport
http://www.facebook.com/WaynesburgSports

Weber State University
http://www.twitter.com/weberstate
http://www.facebook.com/weberstateathletics

Webster University
http://www.twitter.com/GorlokSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Webster-University-Athletics/188190001268302

Wellesley College
http://www.twitter.com/WellesleyBlue
http://www.facebook.com/WellesleyAthletics

Wells College
http://www.twitter.com/WellsExpress
http://www.facebook.com/WellsExpress

Wentworth Institute of Technology
http://www.twitter.com/witathletics
http://www.facebook.com/wit.athletics

Wesley College
http://www.twitter.com/gowesley
http://www.facebook.com/gowesleyathletics

Wesleyan University
http://www.twitter.com/wescores
http://www.facebook.com/wesleyan.athletics

Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/GoWesleyan
http://www.facebook.com/pages/GoWesleyan/378292352486

University of West Alabama
http://www.twitter.com/UWAAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UWAathletics

West Chester Univ. of Pennsylvania
http://www.twitter.com/WCUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WCUAthletics

University of West Florida
http://www.twitter.com/GoArgos
http://www.facebook.com/GoArgos

University of West Georgia
http://www.twitter.com/UWGAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/West-Georgia-Wolves/130390939608

West Liberty University
http://www.twitter.com/WLathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/West-Liberty-University-Athletics/104723836290063

West Texas A&M University
http://www.twitter.com/wtathletics
http://www.facebook.com/wtathletics

West Virginia Univ. Inst. of Tech.
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

West Virginia Wesleyan College
http://www.twitter.com/WVWCBobcats
http://www.facebook.com/wvwesleyan

West Virginia University
http://www.twitter.com/WVUSports
http://www.facebook.com/wvumountaineers

West Virginia State University
http://www.twitter.com/WVSU_GoJackets
http://www.facebook.com/pages/WVSU-Yellow-Jackets/338893297482

Western Carolina University
http://www.twitter.com/Catamounts
http://www.facebook.com/catamountsports

Western Connecticut State University
http://www.twitter.com/colonial_fans
http://www.facebook.com/westconn

Western Illinois University
http://www.twitter.com/WIUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/goleathernecks

Western Kentucky University
http://www.twitter.com/WKUSports
http://www.facebook.com/WKUAthletics

Western Michigan University
http://www.twitter.com/WMUBroncoFans
http://www.facebook.com/WMUBroncoFans

Western New Mexico University
http://www.twitter.com/WNMUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WNMUAthletics

Western New England University
http://www.twitter.com/WNEathletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Western-New-England-Athletics/277844502229763

Western Oregon University
http://www.twitter.com/WOUWolves
http://www.facebook.com/wouwolves

Western State Colorado University 
http://www.twitter.com/WSCUMountaineer
http://www.facebook.com/WSCUAthletics

Western Washington University
http://www.twitter.com/WWUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WWUathletics

Westfield State University
http://www.twitter.com/WestfieldOwls
http://www.facebook.com/WestfieldStateOwls

Westminster College (Mo.) 
http://www.twitter.com/WC_BlueJays
http://www.facebook.com/WestminsterCollegeMO

Westminster College (Pa.) 
http://www.twitter.com/westminsterpa
http://www.facebook.com/westminsterpa

Wheaton College (Ill.) 
http://www.twitter.com/Wheaton_Thunder
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Wheaton-College-Athletics-Ill/107095079653

Wheaton College (Mass.)
http://www.twitter.com/wheatonlyons
http://www.facebook.com/wheatonlyons

Wheeling Jesuit University
http://www.twitter.com/WJUCardinals
http://www.facebook.com/wjucardinals

Wheelock College
http://www.twitter.com/wheelockwildcat
http://www.facebook.com/wheelockwildcats

Whitman College
http://www.twitter.com/WhitmanSports
http://www.facebook.com/WhitmanCollegeAthletics

Whittier College
http://www.twitter.com/wcpoets
http://www.facebook.com/WCPoets

Whitworth University
http://www.twitter.com/gobucs
http://www.facebook.com/WhitworthPirates

Wichita State University
http://www.twitter.com/GoShockers
http://www.facebook.com/WichitaStateUniversityAthletics

Widener University
http://www.twitter.com/WidenerPride
http://www.facebook.com/wideneruniversity

Wilkes University
http://www.twitter.com/wilkesathletics
http://www.facebook.com/wilkesathletics

Willamette University
http://www.twitter.com/wubearcats
http://www.facebook.com/wubearcats

College of William and Mary
http://www.twitter.com/TribeAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/wmtribeathletics

William Jewell College
http://www.twitter.com/WJCCardinals
http://www.facebook.com/pages/William-Jewell-College-Athletics/145677798145

William Paterson University 
http://www.twitter.com/WPUPioneers
http://www.facebook.com/wpupioneers

William Peace University 
http://www.twitter.com/GoPeacePacers
http://www.facebook.com/GoPeacePacers

William Penn College
http://www.twitter.com/
http://www.facebook.com/

William Smith College
http://www.twitter.com/hwssid
http://www.facebook.com/WilliamSmithHerons

Williams College
http://www.twitter.com/EphSports
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Williams-College-Athletics/296415946768

Wilmington University
http://www.twitter.com/WilmUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WilmingtonUniversity

Wilmington College
http://www.twitter.com/DubCQuakers
http://www.facebook.com/DubCQuakers

Wilson College
http://www.twitter.com/Ignite_the_Fire
http://www.facebook.com/WilsonCollegePhoenix

Wingate University
http://www.twitter.com/WU_Bulldogs
http://www.facebook.com/WingateBulldogs

Winona State University
http://www.twitter.com/WSUWarriors
http://www.facebook.com/winonastatewarriors

Winston-Salem State University
http://www.twitter.com/WSSU_Athletics
http://www.facebook.com/groups/2419836572/

Winthrop University
http://www.twitter.com/WUEagles
http://www.facebook.com/WinthropEagles

Wisconsin Lutheran College
http://www.twitter.com/WLCsports
http://www.facebook.com/wlcsports

University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire
http://www.twitter.com/UWECblugolds
http://www.facebook.com/uwecblugolds

University of Wisconsin-La Crosse
http://www.twitter.com/UWLAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/UWLaCrosseAthletics

University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh
http://www.twitter.com/UWOshkoshTitans
http://www.facebook.com/UWOshkoshAthletics

University of Wisconsin, Parkside
http://www.twitter.com/UWPAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/pages/UW-Parkside-Ranger-Athletics/155504021162483

University of Wisconsin-Platteville
http://www.twitter.com/uwp_pioneers
http://www.facebook.com/uwplatteville.athletics

University of Wisconsin-River Falls
http://www.twitter.com/UWRFFALCONS
http://www.facebook.com/UWRFAthletics

Univ. of Wisconsin-Stevens Point
http://www.twitter.com/UWSPAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/uwspathletics

University of Wisconsin-Stout
http://www.twitter.com/stoutbluedevils
http://www.facebook.com/stoutbluedevils

University of Wisconsin-Superior
http://www.twitter.com/uwsathletics
http://www.facebook.com/UWSATHLETICS

University of Wisconsin-Whitewater
http://www.twitter.com/UWWAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WarhawkAthletics

University of Wisconsin, Madison
http://www.twitter.com/UWBadgers
http://www.facebook.com/wisconsinbadgers

Wittenberg University
http://www.twitter.com/WittAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/wittenbergathletics

Wofford College
http://www.twitter.com/WoffordTerriers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Wofford-Terriers/96797388096

College of Wooster
http://www.twitter.com/WoosterSports
http://www.facebook.com/WoosterAthletics

Worcester State University
http://www.twitter.com/wsulancers
http://www.facebook.com/worcesterstatelancers

Worcester Polytechnic Institute
http://www.twitter.com/WPIAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/WPIAthletics

Wright State University
http://www.twitter.com/WSURaiders
http://www.facebook.com/WSURaiders

University of Wyoming
http://www.twitter.com/wyoathletics
http://www.facebook.com/wyoathletics

Xavier University
http://www.twitter.com/XUAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/XavierMusketeers

Yale University
http://www.twitter.com/YaleAthletics
http://www.facebook.com/yalebulldogs

Yeshiva University
http://www.twitter.com/YUathletics
http://www.facebook.com/yuathletics

York College (N.Y.) 
http://www.twitter.com/yorkcardinals
http://www.facebook.com/yorkathletics

York College (Pa.)
http://www.twitter.com/YCPathletics
http://www.facebook.com/YCPathletics

Young Harris College
http://www.twitter.com/yhcathletics
http://www.facebook.com/yhcathletics

Youngstown State University
http://www.twitter.com/YSUSports
http://www.facebook.com/ysusports